Virginia Is For… Haters? This Election Day Virginians Show How We Stand For Love.. By Jasmine Moawad-Barrientos A new survey out this week says that one in ten Latinos face discrimination in America today
Nicolle Wallace Reveals What Trump Fears Most About Kamala Harris. “This was the pick that scared them the most,” the MSNBC host said.
Ferguson Activists Mobilize Against Voter ID Law With #DontTouchMyVote Campaign. The measure on Tuesday's ballot could disenfranchise thousands of Missouri voters.
Jewish Centers Across The Country Are Being Targeted With Bomb Threats. They received at least 20 threats on Wednesday.
New Exxon Mobil CEO Echoes Rex Tillerson’s Skepticism On Climate Science. Darren Woods, who took over the oil giant after Tillerson became secretary of state, isn't likely to rock the boat.
It's Time to Leave Afghanistan Now. It’s been 16 years since we started fighting the war in Afghanistan; it has become one of the longest wars the United States
Trump Set To Gut 2 Protected Utah Monuments On Monday. Bears Ears National Monument would lose its name, be cut by 85 percent and be split into two smaller sites, documents show.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Judge Halts Trump Administration's Plan To Kill DACA. While a lawsuit proceeds.
Customs And Border Protection Apologizes For Employee's Sign Aimed At Mexican Trick-Or-Treaters. The sign said candy was for Americans only.
Lev Parnas Concealed A $1 Million Payment From Russia, Prosecutors Say. New York prosecutors asked a judge to detain the Rudy Giuliani associate, arguing that he lied to the government about his income and is a flight risk.
Billionaires Want People Back At Work, Even If It Kills Them. Hurting the economy "could be worse than losing a few more people," Paychex founder Tom Golisano told Bloomberg.
Democrats Make Last-Minute Push To Derail Trump’s Environmental Nominee. Kathleen Hartnett-White’s humiliating confirmation hearing and recent plagiarism allegations could deter some Republicans from supporting her.
GOP's Health Care Bill Would Drive Up Unintended Pregnancies, Make Abortions Unaffordable. This could be a disaster.
President Trump's Racist Recipe. Now the bigotry he stoked is a promise he must keep.
Republican Challenger Defeated By Jerry Brown.
GOP Congressman’s Argument Against Mandated Masks, Vaccinations Goes Awry. "This guy is an actual GOP Congressman. Such stupidity," one Twitter user said of Kentucky lawmaker Thomas Massie.
Chaffetz, Cummings Seek Answers From Trump On His Business' Profits From Foreign Governments. The oversight committee wants to know more about the president's emoluments.
HUD Seeks To Ban Smoking In Public Housing. WASHINGTON (AP) — Smoking could soon be banned in the nation's public housing. The Department of Housing and Urban Development
EPA Budget Cuts Could Make East Chicago's Lead Crisis Worse. Contaminated drinking water adds to the woes of a city already dealing with toxic soil from a Superfund site.
Americans No Longer Expect Foreign Policy To Be Center Stage In 2016. We're a little less worried about terrorism and a little more upset about the economy.
Does Peter Thiel Know Who Invented Email?. Let's ask him.
QAnon Believer Who Threatened To Shoot Nancy Pelosi For Trump Sentenced To Prison. Cleveland Grover Meredith Jr. arrived late to the Jan. 6 attack because he had car trouble. He threatened House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
Too Dumb To Collude?  Is Trump Jr.'s Conduct Criminal or Just Criminally Clueless?. He sees nothing wrong with his meeting with the Russian lawyer.
Paul Ryan Threatens To Use Power Of The Purse Ahead Of Potential Shutdown. If controversial riders are added to the budget, the government could shut down in December.
Elizabeth Warren Can't Stop, Won't Stop Laying Into Donald Trump. "Every day there’s another piece of evidence that exposes this small, insecure money-grubber.”
Hillary Clinton Wants You To Imagine The Headlines After A Trump Win. This ain't a joke!
Friday Talking Points -- Pardon Me?. We awoke to the breaking news that spinmeister Sean Spicer is out, and Sarah Huckabee Sanders is in as White House press
As Scott Pruitt Denies Climate Science, Atmospheric CO2 Rises At A Record Rate. “As we twiddle our thumbs, CO2 just keeps going up and up.”
Here's What Happened When A Terrorist Attacked LGBT People In A Country With Strict Gun Laws. There's no right to bear arms in Israel, and the death count in recent terror attacks is much lower than in terror-inspired U.S. mass murders.
Roy Moore Revives Anti-Gay Rhetoric In Deflecting Sexual Assault Allegations. Moore accused the LGBT community of wanting to "change our culture."
All 6 Defendants Not Guilty In Key Felony Trial Of Trump Inauguration Protesters. The case could determine the fate of many of the nearly 200 people arrested during the inauguration.
Marco Rubio Pushed for Immigration Reform With Conservative Media. A few weeks after Senator Marco Rubio joined a bipartisan push for an immigration overhaul in 2013, he arrived alongside
Trump Lawyers Want A Second Special Counsel. They want a probe into "obvious conflicts of interest" in the Department of Justice.
Congress Bickers As Puerto Rico Edges Closer To A Default. The island is nearing a $422 million payment deadline on May 1.
The Person With One Of Washington's Most Thankless Jobs Is Likely To Keep It. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has increasingly fewer allies and champions. But she's got time and Hillary Clinton on her side.
Mitt Romney After Donald Trump Dinner: He Can 'Lead Us To That Better Future'. Romney, Trump and Reince Priebus dined on frog legs at a French restaurant at one of Trump's hotels.
Trump’s Immigration Executive Order Doesn’t Let Congress Off The Hook. The order is likely to face litigation -- putting the onus on lawmakers to keep detained families together.
What Does The Future Hold For Joe Biden?. Hosting a rockfish and crab lunch for a visiting Vietnamese leader, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. seemed subdued as
Red, Blue States Find Some Common Ground.
Weak Gun Control Laws Facilitate Mass Shootings. Other developed nations do not seem to have this much of an issue with mass shootings by lone gunmen.
Daily News: 'Only A Matter Of Time' Before Someone Is Killed At Trump Rally. On Monday, 30 black students attending a Donald Trump rally at Valdosta State University in rural Georgia were forcefully
Pennsylvania GOP Wants Gerrymander Order Tossed Over Democratic Justice’s Words. It's the latest step in Republicans’ war not to redraw a very partisan congressional map.
Fusion Staff Is On The Brink Of Unionizing. The news site is part of a growing trend of organizing within digital media.
Gov. Charlie Baker Booed Off Stage At LGBT Event. The Massachusetts governor was yelled at mid-speech.
Donald Trump And Rodrigo Duterte: A Not-So-Surprising Political Friendship. Mark R Thompson, City University of Hong Kong US President Donald Trump’s recent friendly phone conversation with Rodrigo
Sen. Thad Cochran Announces Resignation, Citing Health Concerns. The 80-year-old’s statement could help Mississippi's junior senator, Roger Wicker, avoid a primary challenger.
Interior Dept. Dodges Watchdog’s Questions About Zinke’s Call To Alaska Senators. The agency took six months to even respond to a federal probe into Zinke's apparent effort to bully Sen. Lisa Murkowski over her health care vote.
Latino Democrats Excluded From A Meeting With ICE That They Requested. The members wanted to learn more about recent deportation efforts.
Donald Trump Bashes Paul Ryan And Declares War On GOP. Ryan has said he will no longer defend Trump, but won't withdraw his endorsement.
Women's Group Shines Light On Trump Sexual Assault Allegations Before State Of The Union. Twenty-one women have accused the president of sexual misconduct.
Patagonia Boycotts Major Event In Utah Over GOP Push To Undo Conservation Effort. The outdoor-gear retailer has declared war on the state's Republican-controlled government.
Here's What Americans Make Of The Russia Investigation Now. And what they think about the case against Michael Flynn.
What Would A Donald Trump Presidency Actually Look Like?. He's been evasive on policy details but clear about the authoritarian approach he'd bring to the White House.
Zipcar Is Renting Its Vehicles Out For Free On Election Day. The company is now taking reservations for Nov. 8.
Here's Why One Pollster Won't Help Fox Decide Who Makes The Debate. “Now the public polls are affecting the process they’re supposed to be measuring.”
House Republicans Say Oil Spill Prevention Rule Should Be Easier On Oil Companies. Almost five years after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon spill sent millions of barrels of oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico
Constituents Applaud GOP Sen. Jerry Moran For Opposing Current Health Care Bill. The Kansan says he awaits the rewrite that's underway.
Supreme Court Almost Ruled That Stun Guns Are Protected By The Second Amendment. But Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas would've gone further.
If You Don’t Think Paul Manafort Can Get Trump Elected, You Don’t Know Paul Manafort. Trump and Yanukovych have shared the same political brain, an operative named Paul Manafort.
Young Voters In Donald Trump's Counties Are Especially Positive About America's Direction. They must see something their peers elsewhere don't.
Standing Rock Member Reminds Barack Obama About Promise He Made When They Met. “You said, ‘Let’s not make this just a dream,' and right now it kind of feels like it was a dream."
Supreme Court Curbs Rights Of Immigrants Awaiting Deportation. The Supreme Court curbed the ability of immigrants held in long-term detention during deportation proceedings to argue for their release.
NBC Connecticut Refuses To Air Megyn Kelly's Interview With Alex Jones. Jones has suggested the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown was a hoax.
Workers Are Rising -- and Winning. If you work hard, you should make enough to live a good life and provide a better one for your kids. That's a conviction worth fighting for and a sentiment that rings true for most people, not just in Seattle but everywhere.
Polls Are Bad For Donald Trump Again. Here's Why That Matters.. Yes, election polls had problems. But the president-elect shouldn’t dismiss what they show now.
Auschwitz Memorial Slams GOP Congressman For Recording Video Inside Gas Chamber. Rep. Clay Higgins called for "invincible" military while in death chamber.
National Defense Strategy. Our military leadership is striving to persuade the administration and Congress to focus on our top priorities, but the media obsession with terrorism is distracting them from the military's core mission -- which is national defense.
Obama Administration Misled Public On Student Loan Fraud. The Education Department conducted a "sham" investigation into whether Navient Corp. overcharged active-duty servicemembers, an audit shows.
Keith Ellison May Have A Radical Challenger For DNC Chair -- Who Backed Hillary Clinton. NARAL's Ilyse Hogue is the first woman eyeing Democratic National Committee leadership in the Trump era.
Trump Forced To Water Down Executive Order On Immigration. The new order leaves out many of the most forceful points from the original one. But tens of thousands will still be affected.
Watch The RNC Devolve Into A Total Sh*tshow As Officials Silence Never Trump Crowd. The GOP confab is off to an interesting start.
This Is Life On The Streets Of Hollywood When You're Young, Queer And Homeless. While struggling to find stability, homeless queer youth face an additional battle -- one for their own identities.
The Events That Led To The Downfall Of Mike Flynn, Donald Trump's National Security Adviser. A complete timeline of the lead-up to Flynn's resignation.
West Virginia Government Employees Suspended After Giving Nazi Salute. State officials are investigating who was involved in photo of a recent correctional officer training class.
Donald Trump Is Provoking The Latino Community. Will It Answer In November?. “We need to show everyone in this country that once and for all, this is not how we’re going to be treated."
Donald Trump Endures Most Painful Insult Yet On The Campaign Trail. Hecklers called him boring.
Did Reince Priebus Just Get Caught Lying To Donald Trump?. Or are Trump's senior aides lying about Priebus?
Rand Paul Says He'll Oppose Trump Nominees For CIA, Secretary Of State. The GOP senator's stance could imperil both nominations in what is expected to be a heated confirmation process.
BREAKING: House Republicans. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! If you like your
Former CIA Chief Points Out Huge Hypocrisy Of Trump's 2nd Amendment Threat. Trump had said that "the Second Amendment people" could stop Hillary Clinton.
Electronics Ban Means Unfriendly Skies For Many Travelers. Checking expensive equipment and devices holding sensitive information could be a huge problem.
Labor Union Weighs Boycott Of Israel.
GOP Voters Have No Idea What Party Leaders Think About The Primary. The political establishment is confused, and so are rank-and-file Republicans.
Obama Wishes George H.W. Bush A 'Speedy Recovery' After Fall. The former president will be fitted for a neck brace.
Is The President The Enabler-In-Chief?. On Tuesday, in the span of less than 30 minutes, in a press conference in the lobby of Trump Tower, President Trump managed
HUFFPOLLSTER: The One Thing Americans Can Agree On Is That They’re Divided. 85 percent think the country is more deeply divided on major issues than in recent years.
Trump Signs Memo Banning New Transgender Service Members. The move also stops the military from paying for gender reassignment surgeries.
The Republican Obsession With Dismantling Social Security And Medicare. Today’s Republicans want to avoid political accountability by destroying Social Security and Medicare without leaving clear fingerprints.
Star's War Benghazi Is No Watergate. Summer is fast approaching. Aside from vacations, warming sunshine of vitamin D and a full menu of out door smells, it is also time for blockbuster sequels to fill our viewing entertainment needs. Republicans are hoping their re-release "Benghazi Investigation #14" will be a smashing success.
The Romans Have Much To Teach Us About The Costs Of Empire. With all these generals being called out of retirement to serve as Donald Trump’s “civilian” advisers, whether it’s General
Judge: Louisiana Cannot Defund Planned Parenthood -- For Now. Louisiana was the first of three Southern states to announce plans to end its contract with the organization to provide medical services to low-income residents.
Republicans See Room To Wed Heroin Epidemic To Criminal Justice Reform. It's important to the president and to Congress, "and when you have that kind of convergence, things often happen."
Obama’s Former Pardons Attorney: The President Isn’t Following Through On His Promises. Two years ago, President Barack Obama unveiled an initiative to give early release to potentially thousands of federal prisoners
Not Even Mike Pence Can Defend Trump's Wiretapping Claim. “I think the president’s tweet speaks for itself," the vice president said.
The Working Class Revolt Is Still Boiling. Trump tells them that it’s not the fault of the rich that they sit in the have-not cabin; it’s those damned liberals.
Lessons Not Learned: Polling Latino Voters, 2014 Colorado Edition. The challenges of polling Latino voters have received less attention in 2014, because there are fewer competitive states and districts this cycles where Latinos are positioned to be influential. A notable exception is Colorado.
War Is Our Racket. Voila! You, citizens, are now the shepherds and fiscal beneficiaries of what seems to be an economic perpetual motion war machine, much to the posthumous dismay of Smedley Butler, and the vast majority of other nations on this planet.
Arizona Can't Ban Mexican-American Studies Anymore, Judge Says. The permanent injunction follows a two-week bench trial that found Republican-backed ethnic studies restrictions unconstitutional.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz: The NRA Is 'Just Shy Of A Terrorist Organization'. The gun group has worked to "perpetuate the culture of violence that we have in our country," the congresswoman said.
A Year Ago, Facebook Said It Was 'Crazy' That Fake News Could've Influenced The Election. So, about that ...
Etzioni’s Democratic Platform. We must start with a vision of the America we aspire to bring about.
Trump Associates Face Growing Concern And Frustration Over Donald Jr. Crisis. “You can’t shrug this off even though you know he’s very likely going to be okay."
HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, November 4. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Remember When Trump Said Mexico Would Pay For His Border Wall? Twitter Does.. The president said Wednesday that $1.6 billion in taxpayer money has been earmarked for his oft-touted border wall.
Officials: California's Enormous Methane Leak Permanently Sealed. Life can begin to return to normal in this Los Angeles suburb, but tremendous damage to the environment has already been done.
Ted Cruz Drops His Hold On Flint Water Deal. But other senators could still be holding up the legislation.
Rick Santorum Announces He's Running For President In 2016.
July 4 Parade Features 'Obama Presidential Library' Outhouse Float.
Tesla Promises 'Several Thousand' Jobs As Gigafactory Comes Online Early. But don't expect Elon Musk to give credit to President-elect Donald Trump.
J.D. Vance Wants To Be A GOP Senator So Is Now Super Sorry About Slamming Trump. The "Hillbilly Elegy" author and Ohio Republican Senate candidate begged Fox News viewers "not to judge" him for early criticism of the former president.
FBI Reportedly Investigating Whitefish Puerto Rico Contract. FEMA, multiple congressional committees and local auditors have reportedly begun requesting documents about the deal.
Memories of the Cultural Revolution.
History Overrules Odious Supreme Court Precedent.
Just One Day Without Trump's Name.
I Interacted With A Russian Troll On Twitter?!. We had some conversations with people who may have unwittingly helped undermine American democracy.
No, Mike Pence, It Wasn't Hillary Clinton Who Agreed To Pull Troops From Iraq In 2011. That would be George W. Bush.
Kevin McCarthy Does Damage Control On Benghazi Comments. "This committee was set up for one sole purpose, to find the truth on behalf of families for four dead Americans."
Trump’s Selling A Russia Story, But Most Americans Aren’t Buying It. Six months of near daily falsehoods are making it tough for the White House to get people to believe what it says.
Obama To Unveil Tough Emission Cuts As Part Of Climate Change Actions. The cuts will be Obama's toughest action yet to combat climate change.
Republicans Cheer As Congressional Candidate Demands Fauci’s Execution By Firing Squad. Oklahoma GOP Chair John Bennett's comments advocating violence against the top infectious disease expert earned him applause at a campaign event.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage Is Still Questioning Election Results, For No Apparent Reason. There's no evidence to support his claim, unsurprisingly.
I Applaud Hillary for Visiting Ferguson and Meeting Al Sharpton. Oh Wait, That Was Rand Paul.. If Hillary Clinton had championed issues that directly correlate to presidential authority, like ending perpetual wars or curtailing domestic spying, I probably wouldn't be considering Rand Paul in 2016.
Make No Excuses For Kathy Griffin -- OR President Trump. If we insist on making this incident only about her epic failure in judgment, then we are overlooking the larger problem that our society is facing.
Chris Christie Defends Ebola Quarantine.
Top General Says He Would Reject An 'Illegal' Nuclear Strike Order From Trump. "We're not stupid people," nuclear commander Gen. John Hyten said at a forum Saturday.
Elite 'Bundlers' Raise More Than $113 Million For Hillary Clinton. Big backers include Ben Affleck, George Lucas, Marissa Mayer and Sheryl Sandberg.
Jon Husted vs. Nina Turner Nonpartisan Candidate Guide For Ohio Secretary of State Race 2014. Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Jon Husted vs. Nina Turner Secretary of State race?  One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues?  That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you.
Hillary Clinton Hits Trump Administration For Approach To LGBTQ Issues. “I think we have to face the fact that we may not ever be able to count on this administration to lead on LGBT issues."
Hillary Clinton's Backseat Driver. The running commentary from one of the stewards of the Obama legacy gets deep under the campaign's skin.
Klan Members Rally Against Removal Of Robert E. Lee Statue In Virginia. The group was guarded by scores of police and outnumbered by hundreds of counter-protesters who waved signs denouncing racism.
Scapegoats in Ukraine All Over Again. Jews are certainly not the world's only scapegoats. It becomes a sickening reality that when political unrest occurs, the people who pay the highest price are the historical scapegoats of past conflicts.
Dems Hit GOP Senate Candidates Over Hobby Lobby, Birth Control.
Dan Goldman, Narrowly Leading In New York Democratic Primary, Declares Victory. But the congressional race has not been officially called, and rival Yuh-Line Niou declined to concede.
Ohio's Abortion Restrictions Drove This Woman To Desperate Measures. The GOP Wants All States To Be Like Ohio.. A mother of two had to resort to stripping to raise enough money to end her pregnancy in Cleveland, where Republicans are holding their convention.
This Republican Senator Is Fighting For Your Freedom Not To Wash Your Hands In The Bathroom.
Texas GOP Boss Hints At Secession After Supreme Court Drop-Kicks Election Suit. The party of Lincoln appears to be calling for civil war, noted an aghast Twitter critic.
Trump Terrible 10: Always Russian Edition. Ranking the week’s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump universe.
Sunday Roundup. This week the presidential circus rolled into Wisconsin, with Ted Cruz scoring a big victory against a stumbling Trump. New York Magazine's Gabriel Sherman suggested those wobbles might be due to burnout. "People who know Trump say they've never seen him so tired," he wrote. Supporting evidence comes from modern science, as sleep deprivation symptoms include lack of judgment, inability to process basic information, irritability, mood swings and a paranoid tendency to spout conspiracy theories. Sound familiar? Trump's biggest contribution to the discourse might be as a cautionary tale about exhaustion, and the resulting consequences of lack of impulse control. And as the campaign heads to the city that never sleeps, I'll be heading west on a different campaign, to change the way we think about sleep -- that includes a college tour and a campaign against drowsy driving with Uber. In the meantime, all the candidates could do the electorate a favor and get some sleep.
Democrats See Social Security As Edge In Tight Senate Races. Control of the upper chamber hangs in the balance this November.
Women At March For Life Are Deeply Conflicted About Donald Trump. "I almost didn't want to come," one said.
Another Billionaire Goes On The Air In Wisconsin Senate Race. A super PAC tied to Diane Hendricks is out with an ad supporting state Sen. Leah Vukmir (R).
Don’t Deride Women Marchers — Help Them Become More Radical. We need to read together, learn together, be in the streets together and stand up to this assault together.
Illinois GOP Rep. Under Fire For Ad Mocking Transgender Community, Feminists. Both Democrats and Republicans called Rep. Jeanne Ives' gubernatorial campaign ad "bigoted" and "homophobic."
Officials Warned Jared Kushner About Friendship With Wendi Deng Murdoch: Report. The meeting was described to The Wall Street Journal as a “routine senior staff security briefing.”
Federal Judge's Ruling Strikes Fear In Immigrants.
Gary Cohn To Step Down From Trump Administration. The former Goldman Sachs executive has served as Trump's chief economic adviser since the president's inauguration.
Texans Are Still Standing. It's been almost a year since the day Wendy Davis arrived on the senate floor in her now famous pink sneakers to bravely filibuster a bill that if passed would have huge implications on reproductive health care in the state of Texas.
Questions Over The Trump Administration's Travel Spending Won't End With Tom Price. Trump may have promised to “drain the swamp,” but several Cabinet secretaries appear to fit right in.
The Latest Wave Of NFL Protests Is Likely To Be Unpopular. That Shouldn't Be A Surprise.. But, as polls show, opinions are more complicated than they might seem at first glance.
Mike Huckabee To Announce 2016 Plans On May 5.
I'm The Chair Of The UVA College Republicans, And I Oppose Trump's Immigration Ban. Protecting true American values and the rights of individuals will always be more important to me than the temporary success of my party.
In 2012, Trump's Pick For HHS Said 'Not One Woman' Lacked Access To Birth Control. "Bring me one woman who has been left behind," Price said. "There's not one."
Here's Another Way Scott Brown Is Reminding Us He's Running In New Hampshire.
Hillary Clinton Says Assault At Spring Valley High Can’t Be Justified. "If they’re acting out, there’s a lot of alternatives to picking them up and throwing them on the ground."
Incurious Donald: The Woeful Trump Presidency. President Donald Trump is incurious, ignorant, and ill-informed.  He hides this with rudeness, bluster, and lies.  As an
Behemoth in a Bathrobe: A Dialogue. I am that still, small voice -- inside, at the back -- that says, "I can."  And I've pushed my way to the front, because, even a dozen years after 9/11, "the day everything changed," I'm hearing, "I can't." What has happened to us?
Donald Trump Defends Reversal On Whether To Call China A Currency Manipulator. He took a much tougher stance against China during the campaign.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Here’s Why Big Rallies Don’t Mean Much For Voter Turnout. Arenas are not voting booths.
DNC Chair Claims Weekend Debates Are Meant To 'Maximize' Attention For Candidates. Yes, really.
Turning to Ohio, Trump cuts into Kasich. West Chester, Ohio (CNN) Donald Trump is training his sights on Ohio Gov. John Kasich ahead of Tuesday’s winner-take-all
Even Waiting On The Pope To Speak Couldn't Keep This Senator From Getting Bored. "What happened?"
Eric Cantor's New Job.
First In Heroin, First In The Nation To Vote. New Hampshire’s drug problem is so dire, candidates stumping in the state have been forced to address the issue, whether
Elizabeth Warren, Lisa Murkowski Push Trump To Declare Opioid Crisis A National Emergency. The president promised two months ago that his administration would "spend a lot of time, a lot of effort and a lot of money on the opioid crisis.”
Obama: Denying Science On Climate Change Betrays Spirit Of America. "Without bolder action, our children won’t have time to debate the existence of climate change -- they’ll be busy dealing with its effects."
Jeff Sessions Reverses Obama-Era Policy That Curtailed DOJ's Private Prison Use. For-profit prisons were found to be more dangerous, but the attorney general said they're needed to "meet the future needs of the federal correctional system.”
Stormy Daniels Says She 'Technically' Didn't Sleep With Trump. "There was no sleeping (hehe)," she tweeted.
Democratic Congressional Candidate Opens Up About Having HIV In Emotional Video. “I have a motto in my life: ‘If you want to make a difference, you have to be the difference,’” Bob Poe said.
Trump Campaign's Libel Lawsuit Against CNN Gets Dismissed. The dismissed suit concerned an opinion piece suggesting the Trump campaign would be open to Russian interference in the 2020 election.
Trump Adviser Defends President's Lies On Voter Fraud, Despite Providing No Evidence. "The president of the United States is correct, 100 percent."
The Trump Administration Puts Alaska At Risk. Alaska conservation is at greater risk today than at any time in state history.
State Attorneys General Investigating Instagram's Negative Effects On Kids. Massachusetts AG Maura Healey accused Meta, formerly Facebook, of "exploiting children in the interest of profit."
Rewards Program Encourages SNAP Recipients To Make Healthy Choices. Cities and states are trying new ways to entice food stamp recipients to eat their fruits and vegetables. But the Trump administration’s plans to slash food stamp benefits could change all that.
Felony Voting Laws Are Confusing; Activists Would Ditch Them Altogether. Only two states, Maine and Vermont, have no restrictions on voting rights for felons. In the rest, it’s complicated.
Donald Trump's Dodd-Frank Dismantling Begins With Energy Disclosure Rule. "It's a big deal," Trump said.
Vladimir Putin Blames U.S. Election Interference On 'Jews,' Ukrainians. The Russian president denied accusations of meddling during a tense interview with NBC's Megyn Kelly.
California Gov. Gavin Newsom Defends Fancy Wine Caves. The Democratic governor wasn't pleased with the cave match at the Democratic presidential debate.
Boris Johnson's Shock Withdrawal From The Tory Leadership Race: How It Happened. The first sign something was up was when Boris Johnson arrived by the back door. Normally a human camera magnet, the showiest
Jared Kushner Mercilessly Mocked Over Reported Security Clearance Downgrade. "Now, by law, Jared has to stick two fingers in his ears and hum during family dinners."
Dem Candidate Responds To Strip Club Incident.
Attorneys General From 16 States Condemn Trump Immigration Order. “We are committed to working to ensure that as few people as possible suffer from the chaotic situation that it has created.”
The Planet Is Screwed If Democrats Don't Win The Senate, Warns Paul Krugman. Climate change could become an even greater catastrophe if Donald Trump wins.
Dowd: Jeb Brings The Same Ol' Bush Gang Back For More.
Secret Service Took 15 Minutes To Catch White House Fence Jumper: Report. Agents reportedly caught the intruder steps away from a main door to the president's residence.
Facts vs. Innuendo on Benghazi. My crisis management mantra about the truth is: "tell it early, tell it all, tell it yourself." But the Republicans' mantra seems to be, "tell innuendo early, often, and over and over again," as if by repetition you can convert fact-free innuendo into the truth. You can't.
Thursday's Morning Email: Dems Say They Have Deal On DACA, Trump Tweets Otherwise. Nothing like a Thursday morning tweetstorm.
3 Steps to Bring Justice and Peace to Baltimore.
Trump: Political Elite Out, His Business Elite In. Trump talks anti-establishment but is putting together the most elite business cabinet in history.
Dear White America: Toya Graham Is Not Your Hero.
Bernie Sanders Wants Donald Trump To Know He Also Went To The Bathroom. Trump called Hillary Clinton's bathroom break during Saturday's Democratic debate "disgusting."
Flashback To That Time The Media Was Certain The Comey Letter Was A 2016 Game-Changer. Now, certain people aren’t allowed to partake in the consensus.
Congress Delayed Key Safeguard That May Have Prevented Washington Train Derailment. The Amtrak train that crashed Monday was not using a new technology that can stop accidents before they occur.
Roy Moore Spokesman Says Candidate 'Probably' Thinks Gay Sex Should Be Illegal. "It's just a sin."
Ben Carson Defends Comments About Guns And The Holocaust. "It's not hyperbole at all," the Republican presidential candidate says.
This Blooper Reel Highlights All Of Obama's Most Awkward Moments. LOL
Obamas Welcome Adorable Trick-Or-Treaters To The White House. A much smaller pope makes a return to the White House.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Trump’s Muslim Ban Proposal Unlikely To Hurt Him Among Republicans. Americans oppose Trump's Muslim ban, but Republicans are more split. Fear of terrorism is at its highest rate since the weeks following the 9/11 attacks. And PBS Newshour highlights the challenges of polling. This is HuffPollster for Friday, December 11, 2015
Why Black Cops Aren't Necessarily Better For Black Communities.
5 Of The Wildest Revelations In The Comey Memos. Trump was obsessed with finding leakers and protecting his reputation.
Young Undocumented Immigrants Fast To Stay In The Only Country They Know As Home. By Thomas Kennedy When Donald Trump decided in September to end the DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, the Obama
Donald Trump Awkwardly Kissed Hope Hicks Goodbye, And It Became A Hilarious New Meme. "All black outfit speaks volumes."
Denver Inmate's Death At Hands Of Deputies Ruled A Homicide. Six sheriff's deputies have been placed on restrictive duty.
Virginia School Board Ready To Take Transgender Bathroom Fight To The Supreme Court. The Obama administration told public schools that transgender students must be able to use the bathroom of their choice.
Trump Distances Himself From His Own Remarks On Russian Election Meddling. “As currently led, by fine people, I believe very much in our intelligence agencies,” said Trump.
ACLU Sues Kentucky Over Ultrasound Requirement For Abortions. The lawsuit accuses lawmakers of “forcibly co-opting and perverting the informed consent process.”
A Eulogy For Your Health Care. Friends, family, mayor, members of the city council, the church community, all of you from impossibly gerrymandered voting
Sean Spicer Contradicts Sally Yates Testimony, Leaving Many Unanswered Questions About Mike Flynn. "We're not looking to re-litigate this," Spicer said, as multiple congressional investigations attempt to litigate this.
Prosecutor Tells Black Congressmembers The War On Drugs Isn't Racist.
Rick Santorum Compares Undocumented Parents To Bank Robbers. Hey, breaking the law is breaking the law.
Trump's Possible Pardon Of Joe Arpaio Is Destructive And Unpresidential. He diminished the seriousness of Sheriff Arpaio’s criminal offense at the Phoenix rally.
States Searching For Ways To Pay For Construction And Maintenance Of Roads And Bridges. Oregon is leading the way. 🚗
As Trump Unravels, So Do Fox News' Ratings. When Fox News architect Roger Ailes died last Thursday, one of the common threads through the coverage of his career was
Ex-KKK Leader David Duke Takes Part In The Most Surreal Debate Of 2016. "I'm not opposed to all Jews," Duke said during the debate.
Democrats Say They'll Be Ready If Supreme Court Strikes Down Obamacare.
Texan City Found In Violation Of Voting Rights Act. The city of Pasadena will now have to clear election law changes with the DOJ.
Here’s What You Need To Know About The Weapons Of War Used In Mass Shootings. Mass shooters are well aware that assault-style rifles are easy to obtain and capable of causing enormous casualties.
Will The Ferguson Commission's Final Report Just Collect Dust On A Shelf?. If it's like other famous commission reports, yes.
Star U.S. Diplomat Quits With Fiery Letter To Rex Tillerson. The Trump administration has a “stinging disrespect” for diplomats, she wrote.
Trump Backs Rudy Giuliani's Claim That No Campaign Money Went To Stormy Daniels. He said lawyer Michael Cohen was paid a monthly retainer "from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract" with the porn star.
'Who Makes the Game?' Donald Sterling Certainly Asked the Right Question. His racism got all the headlines, but there was something to be learned from Donald Sterling's other words. It is worth considering his usefulness as a representative sample of the oligarchical class.
Here Are The Key Moments From Biden’s Speech To Congress. The president spoke about what he's accomplished in his first 100 days in office and what he hopes Congress will help him achieve in the future.
Trump Receives Pre-Holiday Ego Boost From His Cabinet, GOP Leaders. After a Cabinet meeting, the White House sent a press release touting praise of Trump from the people who work for him.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Accidentally Proves Why Black History Month Is Necessary. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Trump
News Roundup for June 28, 2017. Every day there’s more news. When will it end? 1. Three Chicago police have been indicted in Laquan McDonald’s shooting death
Bill Clinton's Childhood Home Damaged In A Suspected Arson. Officials described the damage as minimal.
Jeh Johnson Agrees With Obama's Refusal To Call ISIS 'Radical Islam'.
Why Hillary Clinton Will Be the Next President. Clinton has a built-in advantage -- her gender. It now looks that she will use the glass-ceiling theme to connect with millions of people who think that the disparities in opportunity, income and talent-based achievement between men and women is not only unfair, but damaging.
Trump Is Trying To Thread A ‘Fine Needle’ On Health Care, Says Health Secretary. They say they're asking Dems for support. But Democrats say they've heard nothing.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On January 13. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Mick Mulvaney Doles Out Fat Raises To New CFPB Staffers Amid Push To Cut Costs. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau head slammed his own agency as "far too powerful" earlier this week.
Trump Launches Another Sexist Tweet In Newest Attack On 'Morning Joe' Hosts. The president has insulted Mika Brzezinski's intelligence, again.
Here's What The Polls Say Could Happen On Super Tuesday. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are poised to win big, but there's still a lot of uncertainty.
The Far-Right’s Assault On An Idaho Pride Event Was Meticulously Planned. Details that emerged after the arrest of 31 white supremacists in Coeur D'Alene show how GOP rhetoric is signaling extremists to attack LGBTQ people.
The Clintons' Arkansas Network Comes To New Hampshire. The Arkansas Travelers have been helping the Clintons since 1992.
Donald Trump Suggests Revoking Citizenship For Flag Burners. This could set a terrifying precedent.
Obama College Ratings Plan To Include Graduates' Earnings Data. New data on colleges could help reduce tuition, student debt.
Trump Keeps Bringing Up Fake Polls Because The Real Ones Show Him Losing. Polling is not a choose-your-own-adventure situation.
RNC Names Official To Negotiate Debate Terms With GOP Candidates. Representatives from the campaigns are meeting Sunday to discuss how to change the debate format.
They May Dismiss Us, But Maybe They Will Listen to FBI Director Comey, Or Justice Ginsburg. Now that the FBI Director and a sitting Supreme Court judge have spoken, maybe people will stop name-calling and let us deal with the gravity of the issue. Now it is our job to make this renewed attention lead to sustainable results.  At the end of the day, it doesn't matter who the messenger is, as long as those that are the hardest to reach can hear it.
Protester Trolls Jared Kushner, Asks Him To Sign Russian Flag. Congressional committees are questioning the president's son-in-law this week about his meetings with Russians.
America's Struggle With Racial Morality. When it has come to race, America has always struggled. From its inception, racism, or perhaps more accurately white supremacy
Congresswoman Asks Black Millennials Not To 'Give The One-Finger Salute' And Stay Home On Election Day. Congressional Black Caucus members want young voters to learn more about Hillary Clinton.
Jeff Sessions Asks Top Federal Prosecutors To Resign. He wants Obama-appointed U.S. attorneys gone, even before replacements are confirmed.
Interior Secretary Now Says 'No One Was Exempted' From Offshore Drilling Plan. In January, Ryan Zinke took Florida's coastal waters off the table. They appear to be back on.
Saving the Asylum System. Concerns of abuse are understandable, but the fundamental problem doesn't lie within the asylum system. Rather, the asylum loophole is an unintended consequence of severe restrictions that make it exceedingly difficult for lower-skilled immigrants to enter the country legally.
Donald Trump Gets Brutally Mocked Over Latest White House Ousting. "Does Donald Trump genuinely think he is supposed to eliminate someone each week?"
Planned Parenthood Funding Saved After Judge Blocks Ohio Law. The law signed by GOP Governor John Kasich stripped $1.3 million from any healthcare organization that provides abortions
Paul Ryan's Real Legacy: Donald Trump. He could have stood up to Trump. He didn't. Not really at least.
RNC Plea To Thank Trump's ‘Commitment To Religious Freedom' Backfires. "Unless you happen to be Muslim."
Earth Day, Race Day, Gun Day, Money Day. Efforts to reverse those changes -- masquerading as "religious freedom," "pro-life," and "voter fraud" laws -- are rampant, but if public opinion polls are any guide, the rising demographic of young and diverse Americans will pose an increasingly powerful counterforce to reactionary politicians.
A Dear John Letter to the Speaker of the House. By starting off on the negative and accusatory foot, you aren't earning any points, except by those waiting at the castle gates with their pitchforks, and in doing so, you are poisoning the well of conciliation and progress.
HUFFPOST HILL - Americans Celebrate Successful Outcome Of Game Theory Experiment.
Rep. Adam Schiff Rips Trump And Crisis Of His 'Own Making'. "To destroy a healthcare system that works is the height of irresponsibility."
Here's A Poll Trump Won't Tweet: He Finished Behind Obama In 'Most Admired' Survey. ...but he did beat Obama in Russia.
Leading Drug Policy Expert Endorses Marijuana Legalization In Oregon.
GOP Rep. Invited A Far-Right Troll To Trump's State Of The Union. Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida gave a SOTU ticket to a conspiracy theorist blogger who claims the president as a reader.
GOP Still Trusts Trump With Classified Intel After He Gave It To Russians. "Sure! No reason not to.” ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
NYT's Bari Weiss Cites Hoax Twitter Account To Criticize Liberals. Another great day on Twitter for the contentious New York Times opinion writer.
Donald Trump Will Meet With Kim Jong Un By May, South Korea Says. Kim reportedly has expressed his "eagerness to meet" with Trump as soon as possible.
Republicans Look To Block EPA From Tackling Climate Change. “This is the legislative equivalent of trying to ban fire trucks while your house is burning."
Bernie Sanders References Gordon Gekko: 'Greed Is Not Good'. Both Wall Street and Hillary Clinton came under heavy fire in a heated Manhattan speech.
Supreme Court To Decide Major Microsoft Email Privacy Fight. A ruling is due by the end of June.
6 Reasons Why Trump's Wall Is Even Dumber Than Most Of Trump's Other Ideas. At his turbulent his news event last Wednesday (I won’t dignify it by calling it a news conference), Trump reiterated that
Obama Comments On Death Of 'Patriot And Humble Servant' George H.W. Bush. "George H.W. Bush’s life is a testament to the notion that public service is a noble, joyous calling. And he did tremendous good along the journey."
Janet Yellen Was A Great Fed Chair. So Why Is The Economy Still Broken?. Inequality remains at or near record highs.
Invisible Victims. Netanyahu should not have been hosted and feted in Washington, he should have been called out by policy makers for his behavior. Until that occurs, nothing will change. Palestinians will remain invisible victims, denied their rights, and peace will remain as elusive as ever.
Conservatives Ban the Bomb?. "Ban the bomb" is seen today as a leftist cause, with conservatives tending to resist any attempt to reduce the size of our nuclear arsenal or otherwise change our dependence on these weapons of mass destruction. Thus, Stanford Prof. Barton Bernstein's op-ed in yesterday's San Jose Mercury News is likely to come as a surprise.
Hillary Clinton Should Get An Award For Founding ISIS, Donald Trump Says. An allegation like this would be shocking from anyone else.
Harry Reid's Farewell Address Warns Against Dangers Of The Trump Era. The departing Senate minority leader spoke of plutocrats, George Orwell's advice to the press and the need for women to be in charge.
New York Set To Offer Free Tuition At 4-Year Colleges. If the state Senate approves the budget, New York will become the first state to do so.
Feds Open Door To More Pot Research While Keeping It Classified As One Of 'Most Dangerous' Drugs. The decision is a huge disappointment to marijuana legalization advocates.
Trump Urges Stronger Push Against ISIS That Could Include Big U.S. Presence In Syria. The president ordered the joint chiefs of staff to come up with a plan fast.
There’s A Method To The Madness Of Trump’s Tweets. Or Maybe Just Madness.. Trump’s unsubstantiated claims renew fundamental questions of what’s behind the president-elect’s erratic behavior.
Anti-Abortion Activists Had Fake ID's For Filming: Texas Court Papers. The court papers said the pair unlawfully used a fake government record "with the intent to defraud or harm others."
Trump's Promise Advantage. Nearly all presidents promise to address key issues. The problem is, the issues Trump promised to address aren’t real.
Trump Faces Allegations Over Charity That Forced Other Politicians To Resign. If Trump were a normal candidate, he'd be facing harsh penalties.
Senate Decides Social Security Cuts For 'Fugitives' Are A Bad Idea. Removing the measure helped jump-start debate on the bill.
Donald Trump's Supporters Weigh In On His Feud With The Khans. They also had some choice words about Hillary Clinton.
NRA Goes On Offense In Wake Of Florida Shooting. Two of its top officials deliver fiery speeches at an annual gathering of conservatives.
Donald Trump’s 9/11 Boxing Commentary Gig Gets KO’d On Twitter. “We live in an unbelievable world,” one Twitter user responded to the news.
Chelsea Manning Defense Fund Flooded With Donations. "It's in our collective interest to ensure that whistleblowers are able to receive a full, vigorous defense of their rights."
Advocates Alarmed By Powerful Conservative Group's Attention To Voting. Facing pressure, the American Legislative Exchange Council disbanded a task force focused on elections in 2012. Now it seems to be taking a renewed interest.
Comedian Michelle Wolf Will Headline The White House Correspondents' Dinner. Will the president show up, too?
What's Holding Back Immigration Reform?. Perhaps the question of "why not" isn't very complicated. Though Republican leadership favors a bill, minority caucuses can easily and with impunity block legislation these days. But I was struck by something else.
HuffPost Headline Quiz: Mar. 13 to Mar. 19. How closely have you been following the news?
The Military-Civilian Divide Just Got Bigger. Military men and women take time out from their families, their loved ones, and sometimes, in the case of reservists, their jobs, on a regular basis to do important work on our behalf. They do it in wartime and in peace. They do it with news coverage or without.
How To Read Donald Trump. On burning books but not ideas.
Hillary Clinton Embraces Progressive Federal Reserve Reforms. “Holy shit -- that’s great news,” was one liberal economist’s reaction.
Wisconsin Gubernatorial Candidate Breastfeeds In Campaign Ad: 'This Is Real Life'. "I don't want to have to hide a really big part of myself in order to win an election," Kelda Roys told HuffPost.
The DNC Contenders Are Not Interested In Your Populist Moment. Rank-and-file voters are angry, but nobody told the candidates.
Supreme Court Sharply Conflicted On Whether Religious Freedom Trumps Contraception Access. The justices asked hard questions in the sequel to 2014's Hobby Lobby case.
Final Debate Does Justice To An Absurd Campaign, Ends With Trump Refusing To Accept A Loss. Clinton’s grasp of policy and ability to turn sentences into paragraphs that express coherent thoughts set her apart in a stark way from her opponent.
In First And Only Vote On Trump's Muslim Ban, Republicans Fail The Test. We now have a list of 29 lawmakers who are on the record as supporters of banning grandmas from America.
Reid, Warren Meet With Progressive Groups Ahead Of Looming Government Shutdown. "No compromise on this. No backing up on this."
The Obama Effect.
Colin Powell Attacked Hillary Clinton's 'Hubris' In Leaked Emails. He threw a "mini tantrum" in the Hamptons to get the Clinton campaign's attention.
Honoring Congressional Gold Medal Recipient Raoul Wallenberg: One Man Who Made a Difference. On July 9, the American Congress will convey a powerful message through the bestowal of the Congressional Gold Medal to remember the courageous acts of Raoul Wallenberg, a diplomat who chose to rise to a higher moral calling.
’19 Kids And Counting’ Father Running For Arkansas Senate. Jim Bob Duggar, who previously served in the Arkansas House, said he's running as a "bold voice that is pro-family, pro-business, pro-gun and pro-life."
The Infuriating Reason Wells Fargo Got Away With Its Massive Scam For So Long. It's all about the fine print.
'Access Hollywood' Shoots Down Trump: 'The Tape Is Very Real'. "He said every one of those words."
DACA And The American Dream. By Pedro Noguera, Distinguished Professor of Education at the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies at UCLA
Judge Lets Wisconsin Officials Decide How To Perform Presidential Vote Recount. Donald Trump’s stunning victory in the presidential contest unleashed talk of recounts.
In Flake, Bannon Claims Another Victim. By Adele M. Stan This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. For progressives and liberals
Vox Media Employees Announce Plans To Unionize. The digital firm owns several sites, including Vox.com, SB Nation and Eater.
When Is Difference A Big Pain In The Neck? When We Can’t HEAR Each Other!. Difference works. The name of my business (and mission) challenge me at times when I deal with people think differently than
President Elect Donald Trump. The Electoral College will cast its vote for President-elect Trump in December, and he will be sworn into office in January.  He will then be president, but many Americans are having trouble accepting that fact.
HUFFPOST HILL - Team Trump Looking To Cuck The Vote. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!  Donald Trump’s
The Big Moves This Past Year In The Fight Against the World's Top Infectious Killer. Global health experts see an uptick in political will in the fight against tuberculosis.
Endless War: Trump And The Fantasy Of Cost-Free Conflict. Memorial Day is upon us, our 15th since the dawning of the Era of the AUMF, and you’d think smart people would have learned
Trade Deficit:  Ask The Wrong Questions, Get The Wrong Answers. President Trump signed an executive order on March 31 requesting an “Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits.” This
Senate Revives Help For Afghan Interpreters Who Aided U.S. Troops. Anti-immigration Republicans had torpedoed the special visa program in July.
Bill Foster Defeats Darlene Senger In Illinois House Race.
Why the Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Bad for Workers, and for Democracy. Over the past few months, protests have erupted in the halls of the U.S. Capital, and in the streets outside, to thwart the passing of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)--a boon to corporate interests, the protesters argue, and an anathema to U.S workers.
Obama Urges Democrats To Stand Tall Against Assault On Obamacare. The president makes one last effort to protect his signature policy initiative.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Responds To Michelle Wolf: I Hope She Can Find Happiness. The White House press secretary shot down the comedian's jokes.
Trump Administration Considers Tearing Families Apart In New Immigration Crackdown. "Donald Trump’s war on immigrants has reached a sad new low. Separating families who are fleeing gang violence is unconscionable."
Cancer In America Is A Political Event. I can’t tell you where Jessica Whelan lives or anything else about her daughter who is suffering from cancer beyond a viral
Kentucky Attorney Running For Judge Dies 1 Day After Primary Win. Danny Alvarez, a married of father of three, was vying for Jefferson County District Court judge in Louisville.
How A Trump Tax Break For The Poor Led To A $30 Million Gold Stash In A Queens Warehouse. A mysterious investor group parked a fortune in gold bricks near JFK Airport. They say it’s good for the neighborhood — and hope to snag a giant tax break.
Proposed Law Inspired By Brock Turner Case Would Require Prison Time For More Rapists. California law lets rapists who sexually assault unconscious people avoid jail. A district attorney wants to change that.
No, Trumpsters, Donnie Has Not Been 'Vindicated'. The Breitbart News headline Tuesday screams “Trump Vindicated!” It follows the news this week that the president’s former
David Petraeus' Comeback Highlights The Sexist Double-Standard We Can't Escape. While Petraeus could represent the U.S. around the world, Paula Broadwell hangs in limbo.
Trump's Voter Fraud Investigation Is A Mess, But It's Still Frightening. States are rebelling, a commissioner resigned and the panel is facing legal scrutiny.
Bernie Sanders: ‘I Am Delighted’ By Jeremy Corbyn’s Victory. “We need leadership in every country in the world which tells the billionaire class that they cannot have it all."
Inmates Get Years In Solitary Confinement For Making A Music Video. Seven inmates in a South Carolina prison were punished with a combined total of nearly 20 years of solitary confinement — for
Delta Is Coming For Jails And Prisons, And The System Isn’t Ready To Protect The Incarcerated. After thousands of COVID-19 deaths, most prisons and jails are still too crowded for social distancing and staff aren’t required to get vaccinated.
Trump's Budget Cuts Millions In Funds To HIV/AIDS Programs -- Again. “It’s all part of Trump’s attacks on marginalized communities,” said an LGBTQ advocate.
A Hard-Fought Victory To Restore Tribal Land Faces New Threat In Trump Era. What happened to respecting Native American sovereignty?
Fox Business Host Maria Bartiromo Asks Kellyanne Conway If Husband's War With Trump Is Just 'Shtick'. The White House counselor insisted she's not being asked to choose between her marriage and her job.
Blackwater Founder Investigated For Possible Illegal Arms Sales. Erik Prince, founder of the now-defunct mercenary firm Blackwater and current chairman of Frontier Services Group, is under
My Friends Are Dead But I’m Still Here. President Trump: If you want to end the opioid crisis, give people in long-term recovery a seat at the policymakers' table.
These Dem Candidates For President Are Proud Of Enemies They've Made. Shots fired.
It's National Voter Registration Day. Do Your Part.. No one should be cut out of the process come Election Day simply because he or she did not register to vote in time.
Melania Trump Responds To Helmet Flap: 'Focus On What I Do, Not What I Wear'. The first lady was criticized for wearing a pith helmet on her Africa trip that evoked the continent's colonial past.
Tuesday's Morning Email: Could Hackers Be Targeting U.S. Elections?. Questions swirl after breaches in Illinois and Arizona.
You Know You Want To Tell Indiana Gov. Mike Pence About Your Period. Women are calling the governor to protest tighter restrictions to abortion access in Indiana.
Ilhan Omar Says Her Election To Congress Is 'A Real Rejection' Of Religious Bigotry. The Muslim congresswoman-elect will be the first hijab-wearing member of the House.
Trump Team Tells GOP He Has Been 'Projecting An Image'. Donald Trump's chief lieutenants told skeptical Republican leaders Thursday that the GOP front-runner has been "projecting
Donald Trump Signs Order To Undo Obama's Legacy On Climate Change. The White House plans to scrap a rule on power plant emissions, kneecapping U.S. participation in the Paris climate accord.
Resolving To Take Action. Change is slow and sometimes unnoticeable. It is a series of small shifts in yourself and in your community.
Michigan Candidate Has An Idea How To End Harassment: Vote For Someone Without A Penis. Democrat Dana Nessel says she won't show her penis in a professional setting -- because she doesn't have one.
Detroit Public Schools Shut With Teachers In 'Sickout' Protest Over Pay. "There's a basic agreement in America: When you put in a day's work, you'll receive a day's pay."
Time to Leave Afghanistan?. The death of six U.S. soldiers near Bagram Airbase on December 21 serves as a grim reminder that while Americans worry about ISIS, the country's longest war is now entering its fifteenth year with no end to it in sight.
Your Tumor Having The Worst Week In Washington. But don't you feel more free?
Trump's 'Monday Night Massacre' Another Sign Of No Business As Usual. The world isn't burning yet, but it's increasingly important to stay vigilant, legal experts say.
Trump Donates $78,000 To Antietam Battlefield, But Interior Department Still Set To Lose $1.5 Billion. He'd make up the budget shortfall with such salary donations in about ... 3,750 years.
Trump, Terrorism, And Why I Can't Sleep. Is Trump trying to make enemies of our greatest allies?
Marco Rubio Has Sunk Just This Far. The last remaining establishment favorite struggles impotently against a phenomenon named Donald Trump
Trump Attacks Goodyear After It Asks Workers To Avoid Politics On Job. Goodyear has a more than 120-year history in Ohio, a battleground state in the presidential election.
Trump's Immigration Crackdown Is Pushing Victims Of Abuse Underground. Immigrants who face sexual assault and domestic violence are avoiding police and dropping court cases, a new survey shows.
Supreme Court Set To Issue Major Abortion Ruling. The decision is about whether a Republican-backed 2013 Texas law placed an undue burden on women exercising their constitutional right to abortion.
Donald Trump Leads In The Polls, But Ted Cruz Looks More Like The Favorite. The Iowa caucuses are 54 days away. Donald Trump is, still, the national front-runner. Marco Rubio is, now, the establishment's
Kellyanne Conway Defends Trump's Twitter Use As A 'Free' Way To Share Information. "Wouldn't it be great for you personally if he tweeted a little bit less?"
The Final Solution: Caveat Emptor.
Just-Released Trustees Report Confirms: Whether To Expand Or Cut Social Security Is A Question Of Values, Not Affordability. Expanding Social Security would help everyone.
Robocall Impersonating Washington Post Reporter Pretends To Seek Dirt On Roy Moore. The call claims to be from Post reporter "Bernie Bernstein."
No, Joe Biden Didn’t Say That The Senate Should Block Supreme Court Nominees During An Election Year. On Monday, C-SPAN posted a two-minute clip of then-Senator Joe Biden (D-DE) urging President George H.W. Bush not to nominate
Trump’s Dilemma: Go To Mar-a-Lago And Get Criticized? Or Disappoint Dues-Paying Members?. Members and guests at Trump’s for-profit club are shelling out as much as $1,270 each to mingle with him at his New Year’s Eve party.
Obama Speaks To Saudi King Salman.
Bernie Sanders On Trump's Discovery That Health Care Is 'So Complicated': LOL. 😂
Cities, States Seek To Protect Immigrants’ Data From Federal Officials. Many state and local governments offer services that help unauthorized immigrants. Immigrants now worry that any information
10 Heroes You Should Know This 4th of July. In America, we have something called the Medal of Honor.  It is a military award that is only given to the people that went above and beyond reasonable expectations of bravery to achieve something truly heroic.  Here is a list of 10 of our greatest American heroes.  On this 4th of July, take one of these stories and tell it to your buddies over the grill, or while waiting for the fireworks.
'The Hate Can Be Very Ugly,' Megyn Kelly Says About Donald Trump. The Fox News anchor said that it was "surreal" to meet Trump after months of attacks.
Thursday's Morning Email: Matt Lauer Under Fire For Not Challenging Donald Trump On Iraq War. According to Michael Calderone, he failed the moderator test.
Appeals Court Suspends Proceedings Over Trump Travel Ban. SAN FRANCISCO, Feb 16 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Thursday suspended proceedings over President Donald Trump’s travel
House Intelligence Chairman Not Interested In A Trump-Russia 'Witch Hunt'. Rep. Devin Nunes is the guy we're supposed to trust with an investigation.
George Conway Shows What's Going On In Trump's Head In Exclusive 'Unfit' Clip. “Being president, you actually have to play multi-dimensional chess. He’s not even playing tic-tac-toe."
GOP Lawmaker Flips Out When He Realizes He's Being Filmed. “I’m going to confiscate your camera," state Sen. Scott Wagner said.
Former SEAL Turns Over Picture Of Bin Laden's Body To Investigators. A former Navy SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden and wrote a bestselling book about the raid is now the subject of a widening
Progressive Democratic Senator Emerges As The Man Sanders Supporters Want To Be VP. Bernie Sanders supporters say choosing Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) would be a sign that Hillary Clinton is serious about reaching out to them.
Donald Trump Gives Himself Advice In The Middle Of His Own Speech. "Stay on point, Donald, stay on point. No side tracks Donald, nice and easy."
Trump Administration Reverses Promise To Ban Elephant Hunt Trophies. The U.S. government will allow hunters to import elephant trophies on a case-by-case basis, breaking the president’s pledge.
Pro-Trump Group Racks Up Volunteer 'Poll Watchers' Even As Lawsuits Allege Voter Intimidation. Stop the Steal has already registered over 2,700 volunteers.
Donald Trump and the Hatriots. There is a saying that if you go to bed with dogs, you wake up with fleas.  Some of the people Donald Trump is in bed with are racist, anti-semitic  dogs. He's either got to use repellent and reject them, or be repellent to good people.
Israel's True Face. Following the non-binding British Parliament's recognition of Palestine, it has been written a lot about Israel's inaction regarding the peace process. While reporting on Israel's politics and policy, it is important to draw the full picture -- most Israelis want peace.
Solutions to the Influence of Big Money in Politics: Heeding President Obama's Call. President Obama's valedictory State of the Union last week brimmed with optimism. Refraining from a traditional laundry list of policy proposals, he stayed rooted in big themes about America, our future and the challenges ahead. He spoke eloquently about how our democracy is built upon "voices of unarmed truth and unconditional love."
The Emotional and Psychological Trauma to Our People Can't Be Measured In Real Terms. The Marshall islands were subjected to dozens of nuclear tests, carried out by the U.S. after 1945. According to the Associated Press, the island group filed suit in late April against each of the nine nuclear-armed powers in the International Court of Justice in The Hague, Netherlands.
Congressional Office Building Has Lead-Tainted Water. Capitol Hill workers have been told not to drink the water inside the Cannon House Office Building.
The Fall Of America's Monuments To Racism. Worldwide protests over anti-Black racism and police brutality renewed efforts to take down Confederate monuments.
President Trump’s Iran Deal Message To North Korea: Do Not Trust Washington. President Donald Trump continues to treat his administration as an international diplomacy wrecking crew. His latest target
Businesses Say Anti-LGBT Bills Could Cost Texas Billions. Texas Republicans' anti-LGBT proposals could cost the state up to $8.5 billion and more than 100,000 jobs, according to a Texas Association of Business report.
Trump Still Hasn't Decided Whether To 'Let' Comey Testify, Conway Says. James Comey will testify before a Senate intelligence panel next week.
Dana Rohrabacher Really Doesn't Want To Lose This Online Poll, You Guys. Please clap!
Mike Pompeo Rips As 'Absolutely Ludicrous' NYT Story On Alleged FBI Inquiry Into Trump. In a "Face the Nation" interview, Pompeo refused to engage in discussion on the story, calling it "silly" and unworthy of a response.
Ben Shapiro Can't Save The GOP. Right now, there’s a power vacuum in the conservative pundit world. Previous regular staples like Bill O’Reilly and Rush
Marco Rubio Criticizes His Party For Holding 'Show Votes' On Planned Parenthood. He skipped two recent votes that could have defunded the organization.
Donald Trump Doesn't Want Guns In Classrooms, Except When He Does. There's something for everybody in his policy positions!
Mitch McConnell Issues Sternest Warning Yet That GOP Is In Danger Of Losing Senate. He said the party’s chances of keeping control of the Senate are “very dicey.”
Missouri Attorney General Finds No Evidence Planned Parenthood Mishandled Fetal Tissue. The investigation found that all tissue from abortions was examined at a pathology lab then incinerated.
CDC Chief On Ebola: The U.S. 'Won't See A Large Number Of Cases'.
Rex Tillerson's Joke About A Statue Actually Made People Feel Sad For Him. "In this one instance, Rex Tillerson is all of us."
DeRay Mckesson Faces First Test Of Mayoral Campaign At Baltimore Forum. “I’m running ... because I saw something unacceptable and said, ‘I have to do something about it.’”
There's A Major Intensity Gap On The GOP's New Health Bill. Americans are more than four times likelier to strongly oppose the bill than to strongly support it.
Trump May Have Thwarted Obama’s Final Move On The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict With One Phone Call. The president-elect apparently upended years of careful planning.
Lupe Valdez Makes History In Texas By Winning Democratic Nod For Governor. The former sheriff ― the first Latina nominated for Texas governor by a major party ― now faces GOP Gov. Greg Abbott.
House Chair: Planned Parenthood Doesn't Need Federal Money. The face-to-face encounter between Planned Parenthood's president and Congressional Republicans got pretty heated.
How A Crowded GOP Field Could Bolster A Trump 2024 Campaign. As Donald Trump considers another White House run, polls show he's the most popular figure in the Republican Party.
Boehner's Troubles With Conservatives May Only Get Worse.
Post-Snowden, The NSA's Future Rests On This Man's Shoulders.
Why Don't Good People Run For Public Office?. I have been thinking about the fact that most of the people I see in Congress and in the state legislature seem to be fringe
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On April 7. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Hunters Need To Start Talking About Guns More. Deer season opened here in Oregon on Saturday, two days after a shooting at Umpqua Community College left 10 dead and nine
Parkland Survivors: Donald Trump 'Needs To Listen To The Screams Of The Children'. “We’ve been locked in a classroom. We have seen our friends text their parents goodbye. We are the experts."
Democratic Party Endorses Abolishing The Death Penalty -- Breaking With Hillary Clinton. The party platform says it’s time to end the practice, even though the presumptive nominee still supports it.
Huckabee Jokes About Life-Shattering Zika Virus To Attack Clinton. The failed presidential contender couldn't resist a cheap -- and deeply unfunny -- joke.
No More Adult Conversations, Prayers Or Moments Of Silence. It's time to do something.
Despite Trump's Tough Rhetoric, More Americans Trust Clinton To Handle Terrorism. It's not clear how the weekend's events might affect future polling.
Voter Fraud: The GOP Boogyman. We've put far too much energy into combatting a non-existent problem and too little in resolving real issues of enfranchisement. Remember this when you vote in this general election.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Voters Say Clinton Has Run A Better Campaign Than Trump. The Trump campaign is outgunned in advertising and field operations, and voters have noticed.
Ted Cruz May Be Right In His Fight Against Marco Rubio. But That Just Makes Him A Petty Politician.. The only person who knows Ted Cruz's true beliefs on immigration is probably Ted Cruz.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Campaign Roaming CVS Aisles For Last Minute VP. Senator Al Franken sent a letter to Pokemon Go’s developer about privacy issues surrounding the game, the last phrase anyone
Barack Obama: Guns Are Our Shared Responsibility. Even as I continue to take every action possible as president, I will also take every action I can as a citizen. I will not
Donald Trump Is Still Attacking Hillary Clinton's Health. "All those day offs and then she can’t even make it to her car," he trolled.
Tweeters Skewer 'Feeble' Donald Trump For Deleting Posts After Alabama Loss. "The NFL tweets are still there, of course. Racism is fine. Backing a loser isn't."
Education Was A Huge Factor In How People Voted In 2016, But Most State Polls Missed That. A new report examines where polling went wrong in the presidential election.
Military IDs 7 Pearl Harbor 'Unknowns' Using Dental Records. Nearly 400 USS Oklahoma sailors and Marines were buried as "unknowns."
San Francisco Hippies Prepare To Make Canada Great Again If Donald Trump Wins. But others don't think this "reality show a**hole" will be president.
Nervous About Flying This Summer? Blame Trump.. Lately I have been thinking that the whole “obstruction of justice” issue that we are all focusing on has allowed President
An Open Letter to Lester Holt, Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper.
The Most Wanted Man In The World. The message arrives on my “clean machine,” a MacBook Air loaded only with a sophisticated encryption package. “Change in
House Members Are Using A Controversial Tool To Keep Campaigning. Has It Gone Too Far?. House members are only supposed to use proxy voting when they cannot be present due to COVID-19. But that's not stopping representatives from voting remotely on the campaign trail.
Phyllis Schlafly And The Kingmakers. Phyllis Schlafly, whom Donald Trump eulogized yesterday after her death at the age of 92, will go down as one of the most
Donald Trump Surrogate Claims Nominee Wasn't Mocking His Accusers' Looks. But Trump would have been within his rights to do so, said the surrogate, A.J. Delgado.
A Soulless Man Cannot Serve Justice. Under Gorsuch’s reasoning, a corporation is entitled to require a worker to die for a load of meat.
Hillary Clinton: College Costs Are 'Outrageously High'. 💰💰💰
Don't Play Pokemon Go During State Department Press Briefings About ISIS. "You're playing the Pokemon thing right there, aren't you?"
Elizabeth Warren Tells Us That She Can't Even With Jamie Dimon's Mansplaining.
The Shutdown Congress, And Why The GOP Can't Help Itself. "A luxury this country cannot afford."
Michigan Expels Republican Lawmaker Cindy Gamrat Over Sex Scandal, Cover-Up. GOP Rep. Todd Courser also resigned when it became clear that a majority Republicans had secured votes from enough Democrats for his expulsion.
Democrats May Be Botching This Supreme Court Confirmation Fight. Heading into Neil Gorsuch's hearing, it's unclear how they plan to land blows on Donald Trump's conservative court pick.
Four Weeks Out: What Will Be the Narrative of Election 2014?. We have a great message going into these final four weeks. What national Democrats need to do is tell the story about the big money spent by the Kochs to further their awful anti-American agenda, so that we give this election a narrative that fires up our base and discourages Republicans.
Why Europeans and Asian Communities Shake Their Heads at How Americans Choose a President. The issues that emerge in American political campaigns leave many of my foreign contacts puzzled.  Instead of thinking through big issues, we focus on the trivial.  The female problems that bedeviled Gary Hart and Bill Clinton would barely raise an eyebrow outside of the states.
Alabama Won't Help Disenfranchised Citizens Understand If They Can Now Vote. “I’m not going to spend state resources" on that effort, Alabama's secretary of state says.
Jeff Flake Urges GOP To Stand Up To Trump's Attacks Against The Press. “A free press is the despot’s enemy, which makes the free press a guardian of democracy," the Arizona Republican senator said on the Senate floor.
Donald Trump Is Right, There Are Polls That Show Him Leading. But those are probably outliers. There are many, many more that show Clinton ahead by substantial margins.
Obama Was 'Shocked' By Ray Rice Video.
U.S. Diplomats Rebuke Obama On Syria And Call For Strikes On Assad. The State Department diplomats signed an internal memo criticizing Obama's policies on Syria.
America’s Dying Democracy: Can We Revive It?. The 21st century has not been good to America’s democracy. However, the recent upset victory by Doug Jones in Alabama and
Former Norway PM Detained At Dulles Airport Over 2014 Iran Visit. "Provoked" Kjell Bondevik expresses concern over "authoritarian leaders."
Tuesday's Morning Email: The Trump Campaign Is Suddenly Paying A Lot More Rent. And it's all on the campaign donors' dime.
This GOP Senator Is Weeding Out Democrats From His Events, Attendees Say. Democrats say they were denied access to a speech by Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio).
Trump Contradicts State Department On Iran Deal. The  president claimed Iran has failed to comply with "the spirit of the agreement."
Judge Tosses Texas Request To Declare Anti-Sanctuary Law Constitutional. The state attorney general hoped to head off challenges from cities that oppose the law.
How Conservative Teens Are Meme-ing And Monetizing The Political Divide. MAGA memes are lightning rods for followers — and brand deals.
Trump's ICE Is Increasingly Arresting Immigrants Without Criminal Convictions. The president often talks about criminals that his administration finds and deports. But a lot of noncriminals are being swept up too.
Betsy DeVos, Trump's Education Pick, Seems Unfamiliar With A Major Federal Education Law. Sens. Tim Kaine and Maggie Hassan were beside themselves at her confirmation hearing during a back-and-forth over students with disabilities.
Now We Watch the Cops. Welcome to the Age of the Instant Upload...
Shepard Smith: People Go To Prison For What Jared Kushner Did. As Trump's son-in-law continues to revise his answers, Robert Mueller may be looking over his shoulder, too.
America Still Wants To Fund Planned Parenthood After Sting Videos: Poll. More than half of respondents said they are inclined to believe Planned Parenthood’s side of the story.
Obama On San Bernardino Shooting: 'We Have A Pattern Now Of Mass Shootings'. "We should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events."
Samantha Bee Compares CNN To A 'S**tty Boyfriend'. Ouch.
Hillary Clinton Won The Nevada Caucus. Clinton dominated in Las Vegas and the surrounding area, with an overall lead of more than 5 points.
Mom And Dad, Please Explain This One to Your Daughters. Some months back, Senate Republicans blocked -- for the third time -- the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill proposing to close the pay gap between men and women. The goal of the bill -- the attainment of equal pay for equal work -- seems like a no-brainer, right? Yet not a single Republican voted in favor of the Act.
Tell the Truth About Bernie's Health Care Stand. Unfortunately, Chelsea Clinton misrepresented Senator Sanders' position, and her premiere performance on the stump backfired, producing a flood of political donations to Sanders.
Trump Delivered A Dire, Frightening Speech, Dems Say. Even some Republicans were nonplussed by a brief address that bashed lawmakers.
How To Thaw The Climate Conflict. This week’s circulation of an authoritative government report on global climate change is putting some heat on America’s
Some QAnon Believers Think JFK Disguised Himself As Trump At Arizona Rally. They claim the person who showed up at the event appeared to be shorter than the "real" Donald Trump.
So, About That Tax Break For Private Jets. Why one of the most liberal lawmakers in the Senate is backing it and what it really means.
U.S. Police Chiefs Call For Background Checks For All Gun Purchases. "This is a no-brainer, this is the simplest thing in the world."
U.S. Intel Officials Knew Last Year About CIA Security Breach That Led To Wikileaks Dump. Officials said they were focusing on contractors as the likeliest source of the leak.
Trump In The Snares Of Dialectics. Leaving the Paris Agreement is like Brexit: It’ll take years. The rest of Trump’s term, at least. And because the climate
Feinstein: Obama 'Too Cautious' On ISIS.
Sunday Roundup. This week, the nation waited in breathless anticipation for the expected announcement tomorrow that Jeb Bush is running for president. Bush, who seems more adept at raising money than votes (he hasn't gotten one since 2002, the year his brother called for "regime change" in Iraq), appears to be the Republican most capable of uniting the money wing of the party with the money wing of the party. If nothing else, Bush's extended run-up to actually running demonstrates how pointless and fake so much of campaign coverage is. And the "process journalism" doesn't stop after Election Day. On Friday, President Obama suffered a defeat on fast-track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. But most of the coverage was over the political and procedural ins-and-outs rather than the effects of the bill itself. Too bad we can't contain the media's horse-race coverage to the exploits of American Pharoah.
Fido Survived The Research Lab. Now What?. Maryland just became the seventh state to enact a “Beagle Freedom” law, which seeks to find homes for cats and dogs that survive testing in research labs.
Democrats Push For Independent Commission On Russian Election Meddling. You know, because a foreign power influencing our elections is kind of a big deal.
Hillary Clinton Announces Vague Plan To 'Donate' Harvey Weinstein Campaign Money. "I give 10 percent of my income to charity every year," the 2016 presidential candidate said. "This will be part of that."
CVE in the US: More Harm Than Good. While CVE is new, the idea of adopting programs and practices that may sound good but have no empirical justification, is tragically par for the course--especially when it comes to dealing Arabs and Muslims as threats to national security.
Most Republicans Don't Care That Trump Snubbed Ryan And McConnell. And more of the latest polling news.
Clinton Will Weigh In On Trade Deal 'When It's Final,' Campaign Says.
How The U.S. Team Escaped The 'Group Of Death,' We Think.
Donald Trump Calls Hillary Clinton 'The Devil'. Really.
Mothers Who Lost Sons In The Iraq War Lobby For Iran Deal. "If we had tried diplomacy, perhaps my son would be alive."
Brian Reese Defeated In Georgia House Race.
Hillary Clinton Wins AFSCME Endorsement. Clinton has won the vast majority of union endorsements this cycle.
60 Years in Journalism: Debates, Then and Now. Little wonder that candidates increasingly do their best to rehearse and rehearse and stick to prepared talking points. However, there are plenty of other opportunities besides the debates for missteps to go viral on the web.
Trump's America: Are We Comfortable Being A 'Post-Moral' Society?. “The most important human endeavor is the striving for morality in our actions. Our inner balance and even our very existence
U.S. Tightens Screening Of Airport Workers After Gun Arrest.
Jeb and Hillary: Prisoners of History?.
Paul Ryan's Bizarre Response To Russian Meddling In The Presidential Election. It's a serious matter that we should just ignore, he seems to be saying.
The Supreme Court Saved Obama's Legacy. His Legacy Changed The Court.. The law and the politics of justice will never be the same.
Latinos Take Their Revenge On Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Undocumented immigrants are playing a leading role in the campaign aiming to take him down.
Behold The Power Comedy Has To Neutralize Jerks Who Are Mean To Women.
House Republicans Call One-Week Timeout On DHS Shutdown Drama.
Trump Says New Vetting Will Keep ‘Radical Islamic Terrorists’ Out Of U.S.. The president signed a document on live TV, but didn't say what's in it.
Oil Stocks Soar After Donald Trump Victory, But Coal Is The Real Winner. Renewable energy, meanwhile, is taking a beating.
Lindsey Graham Finds Himself In Second GOP Debate. "He gets better every time I see him."
President Trump Is Less Unpopular Than He's Been In A While. He has members of his own party to thank.
Kansas Attorney General Backtracks On Using Pro-Slavery Decision In Court Brief. Memo to all lawyers: Never cite the Dred Scott case approvingly. Ever.
Climate Change And Trump’s Board-Game Patriotism. “Winning” means ramping up our production of fossil fuels.
Donald Trump's Agenda Already Running Into A Reality: Congress. Are Trump's proposals possible?
Donald Trump's assault on our values. IT HAD not seemed possible, but Donald Trump descended this week to a new low of bigotry, fear-mongering and conspiracy-peddling
Sanders Delegate Protests Clinton Nomination With Middle Finger On Live TV. Despite backlash, the Hawaii delegate says she has no regrets.
GOP Lawmaker Who Compared Obamacare To Nazi ‘Train Rides': It's All Just A Misunderstanding.
Trump Administration Signals It Is Not Imposing New Sanctions On Russia. Members of Congress pushed for new sanctions to punish Moscow for interference in the election.
Houston Chronicle Implores Donald Trump To Not Lose Focus On Harvey Relief. "Several of your tweets during the storm ... left us concerned that you're easily distracted from the task at hand."
Do Trump Voters Continue To Support Repeal Of Obamacare?. What these polls don’t always differentiate is voters who actually have to buy their insurance.
Tom Price Confirmed As Health Secretary In Blow To Obamacare. Millions of Americans could lose coverage if the law is repealed.
Looking Back. Antonin Scalia, who died this month, after nearly three decades on the Supreme Court, devoted his professional life to making
Republicans Have Failed To Repeal Obamacare. How Did We Get Here?. The party was never able to unify behind an idea for a new plan.
Meals On Wheels Sees 500 Percent Surge In Volunteers Since Budget Cuts Proposed. Online donations have also skyrocketed this week.
Ben Carson Blames His Wife For $31,000 Dining Set Purchase For HUD Office. His spokesman initially denied that the secretary and his wife were involved in the lavish purchase decision.
Congress Sets Date For Obama's Last State Of The Union Address. In the speech, Obama will lay out his priorities for his final year in the White House.
The FDA's Blood Donor Policy Is Still Homophobic. Gay men in sexually active monogamous relationships will still be banned.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Death Toll Rises In Turkey Airport Terrorist Attack. To 41 dead.
The Ugly Reality Of Solitary Confinement.
Even These GOP Presidential Candidates Agree With Elizabeth Warren On Obama's Trade Deal.
Michelle, Sunny and Bo Obama Receive White House Christmas Tree. Sunny and Bo seemed pretty excited.
It's Time To March For Our Lives. Read Live Updates Here.. The February school shooting in Parkland, Florida, has galvanized thousands of teenagers to speak out about gun control.
Terry McAuliffe Has A Very Clintonian Plan For Democrats To Win Back Power. It's still the economy, stupid.
Ted Cruz: Federal Reserve Is Being Run By Philosopher Kings. He accused the Fed of creating unpredictability in the economy.
Bill Clinton Accuses Bernie Sanders Of Living In A 'Hermetically Sealed Box'. The former president stepped up his criticism of his wife's rival on Sunday.
Body Camera Footage Shows Florida Cops' Raid On COVID-19 Data Scientist's Home. Rebekah Jones said the state is trying to silence her criticism of Gov. Ron DeSantis' coronavirus response.
Inside The GOP's Desperate Mission To Stop Trump. The scenario Karl Rove outlined was bleak. Addressing a luncheon of Republican governors and donors in Washington on Feb
How a Broken Taillight Can Be a Death Sentence in America. The situation that led to the killing of Walter Scott by a white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina is indicative of the crisis created by the growing criminalization of poverty in America and the persistent de-humanization of black people.
A Year Later, GOP Lawmakers Still Won't Say If Joe Biden Is Actually President. Nearly all of the 147 Republicans who voted to reject the 2020 presidential election results also won't say if they regret that vote, which was based on a lie.
Paul Ryan's Donald Trump Dilemma. For the speaker, there are no great options here.
What Can Clinton Do About The Inevitable Debate Question About Her Emails?. To move beyond the past, she needs to make bold, accountable commitments for the future.
Donald Trump Booed After Telling Jeb Bush To Pipe Down. A high-energy clash between the two Republican presidential candidates.
Death Penalties, Executions Slow As Capital Punishment Is Squeezed. The U.S. is on track for the fewest executions since 1991.
Is Synthetic Cannabinoid Use Gaining Popularity Among Military Personnel?. According to a soon-to-be-published study conducted at the University of Washington, synthetic cannabinoids are the new drug of choice among military personnel looking for a buzz and attempting to evade regular tox-screenings.
Obama EPA Head Savages Donald Trump’s Environmental Policies. “It’s an all-out attack on environmental protection,” Gina McCarthy said.
Biden To Make Iowa Trip Next Week.
An Open Letter To President Trump From One Of The Mothers You're Hurting. There is no presidential President Trump. We have to stop hoping.
Friday's Morning Email: The Return Of Donald Trump's Twitter. That didn't take long.
Mitt Romney: 'We've Gotta Rethink Campaign Finance'. Will Congress listen?
Potential GOP Presidential Candidates Are Divided On Gay Marriage.
White House Discussing Plans To Replace HHS Sec. Alex Azar: Reports. Recent reports have described a stifled relationship between Azar and President Trump. Now, Azar may be on the cutting block.
Donald Trump Is Now Attacking Bernie Sanders. Republicans used to ignore the Democratic socialist from Vermont. Not anymore.
Russian Spies Hack DNC Computers And Gain Access To Trump Opposition Research. Two separate hacking groups were able to enter the DNC's system and read e-mail and chat communications.
Gunmen Seize Federal Building In Oregon. The men include at least two sons of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and have said they'll stay for "years."
Star Spangled Provocation. I have long thought there were two ways to interpret our national anthem, the Star Spangled Banner. On the cusp of our Independence
Texas Is Close To Allowing Concealed Carry Of Guns On Campuses.
What The Movement For Gun Violence Prevention Is Missing. Back in 2006, one of the country’s stellar gun violence researchers, Kristin Goss of Duke University, wrote a book in which
Clinton Takes Jab At Putin.
Masks Could Become Illegal In North Carolina (Again) Under KKK-Inspired Law. A law created to prevent Ku Klux Klan members from wearing face masks could prevent COVID-related mask-wearing during a pandemic.
Birther Issue Dogs Ted Cruz, Days From Iowa Caucuses. Donald Trump can't stop, won't stop questioning the senator's citizenship.
Investing In Harm Reduction Must Be Included In The Movement To Defund Police. For the last 30 years, harm reduction advocates have worked to humanize communities that are often criminalized.
White House Rolls Back Protections For Planned Parenthood. The administration justified the move by saying it wants to give states more control over their Medicaid programs.
Democratic Presidential Contenders Join Calls To Investigate Exxon. The oil giant stands accused of covering up evidence of fossil fuels' role in climate change.
Trump’s Bullying And Its Consequences: A Wakeup Call For Iran, North Korea And Many Others. Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany signed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action
Senators Visit Cuba Hoping Congress Will Ease Restrictions.
Body Slams, Ballots, And Belated Apologies In Montana. Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte's half-hearted apology dripped with cowardice.
There's A Cheap And Effective Way To Reduce Gun Violence. Why Aren't More States Doing It?. And it has nothing to do with gun control.
These Super PAC Donors Were Able To Hide Their Identities Before The Election. And here's who they are.
Donald Trump’s David Duke Amnesia Is Nonsense. Clearly, Trump knows a little something about the former KKK leader.
Donald Trump Trying To Be 'A Racial Healer,' Gov. Mary Fallin Says. Trump has made some unusually conciliatory remarks after recent police killings.
Everything About This Republican Obamacare Repeal Vote Is Nuts. It might work anyway!
Fall Crises Will Be 'Exciting,' Vacation-Bound Boehner Says. "We'll manage our way through this. This is part of the legislative process."
The GOP Really Doesn’t Want ‘LGBT’ To Appear Anywhere In Its Platform. “Can you at the very least stand up for our right not to be killed?" one delegate asked.
GOP Senator Prays For Obama: ‘Let His Days Be Few’. The conservative crowd laughed.
Read Live Updates On Super Tuesday. It's on!
HUFFPOLLSTER: Shy Trump Voters Aren’t Likely To Swing The Race. There might be a few of them out there, but not enough to change the outcome.
Kim Davis Loses Latest Gay Marriage Appeal. Davis stopped issuing marriage licenses after the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage in June.
Van Jones Urges Democrats To Move On From 'The Clinton Days'. "If we're the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win," he said.
Congress Is Still Very Good At Delivering Perks To Washington Insiders. Eugene Ludwig made a fortune on the revolving door between Wall Street and Washington. He's about to get even more.
A Coup in ISIL-stan?. There are many things in life that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi doesn't like. For starters, he doesn't like to be called "Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi." His official name is Caliph Ibrahim. "Abu ِBaker al-Baghdadi" was his nom de guerre, used during his underground years in Iraq.
Fox Host Asks Trump Aide Why Lawsuits Failed: 'Do You Have The Worst Legal Team?'. Brian Kilmeade asked Stephen Miller why Trump's legal team had lost dozens of cases if there was as much voter fraud as they claim.
Report: Secret Service Pulled Off White House Patrol To Protect Friend Of Agency Director.
Michigan Gov. Candidate Delayed Rescue Of Animals He Claims He Tried To Save. Shri Thanedar fought an effort to place over 170 dogs and monkeys at his shuttered lab into sanctuaries.
Trump Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski Will Oversee The Vice-Presidential Search. Political adviser Beth Myers headed up the process for Mitt Romney.
Parents Shift From Fear To Defiance As Bomb Threats Target Jewish Centers. Kids learn to read, swim, draw and do cartwheels at these facilities.
GOP Congresswoman Questions The Need For Government-Funded Research On Gun Violence. "I’m not sure that’s the best use of taxpayer money,” Rep. Claudia Tenney said.
Barack Obama Makes Surprise Appearance During Michelle's Book Tour. The former president compared his cameo to Jay-Z coming on stage during a Beyoncé concert.
Kazakhstan Plane Crashes Shortly After Take-Off, Killing At Least 12. Local authorities had earlier put the death toll at 15, but the Interior Ministry of the Central Asian nation later revised the figure downward, without explaining.
Americans Approve Of Barack Obama's Legacy But Don't Necessarily Want To See It Continue. The president is leaving office on a high note, but many hope his successor will take a different direction.
Betsy DeVos Visits Public School, Insists School Choice Can Work In Rural Areas. DeVos visited the school with one of her high-profile critics, Randi Weingarten.
Biden's Daily Intel Briefings Remind Us That Trump Hardly Bothered With Them. Biden will be the first person to read the President's Daily Brief in months — a stark example of how Trump viewed his presidential duties.
News Roundup for July 28, 2017. It’s bound to be an interesting weekend. 1. The U.S. military spends five times as much on Viagra as it would on transition
Trump Continues Assault On Media, Calls New York Times 'Fake News'. The president's latest Twitter rant against the Times marked another attack in his so-called "running war with the media."
Friday's Morning Email: Hope Is Fading In Puerto Rico Over The Government Response. “We’re running out of potable water. Out of food."
Get Up, Stand Up: Celebrating World IP Day. Getting up and standing up for music and the people who make it requires us to do more than think about questions of compensation and creation; it requires us to make sure that broader aspects of our copyright laws reflect our nation's values.
Paul Manafort Wanted Respect And Power. He settled for money, but the bottom line could be jail.
Why America, Not Donald Trump, Will Win In The End. In the ways we fear most, with Trump’s most outrageous campaign promises, he is powerless
Alaska Budget Deal Averts Government Shutdown. Now Comes The Hard Part..
Judge Aaron Persky Cleared Of Misconduct In Stanford Sex Assault Case. The lenient sentence shows no "clear and convincing evidence of bias," a judicial panel said.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On March 24. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson Says 'No Way' Health Care Vote Should Occur This Week. “We don’t have the courage in Washington, the honesty, to talk about this issue with real facts."
Obama's Overtime Reforms Aren't Dead Yet. Trump might make more workers eligible for overtime pay, just not as many as Obama envisioned.
Russia, U.S. Still Working Out Details Of Putin-Trump Meeting. They plan to meet at the at the G20 summit this week.
Donald Trump Goes Nuts On 'Morning Joe' Hosts. His remarks come just hours after his campaign manager said that he "doesn't hurl personal insults."
How Quack Doctors And Powerful GOP Operatives Spread Misinformation To Millions. A group calling itself “America’s Frontline Doctors” spread false information about COVID-19 with the help of Facebook, right-wing media and President Trump.
Photos Offer Rare Look Inside The Facilities Border Agents Use To Hold Unauthorized Immigrants. See them for yourself.
Missouri Democrats Filibuster For 39 Hours To Stop Anti-Gay 'Religious Freedom' Bill. But Republicans passed it anyway.
Disgraced Former Detroit Mayor Says Michigan Lawmakers Have Long Known About Flint Water Crisis. The letter reportedly comes from behind bars.
Donald Trump Announces Rally On Same Night As White House Correspondents Dinner. Because, of course.
Edward Snowden Boasts That He Got Security Clearance Faster Than 'Half Of This White House'. So, what's up with Jared Kushner?
Lawmakers Show Solidarity With Women's March On Washington. Some marched with family members or people from their districts.
The Last Time We Fought A Preemptive War In The Middle East. A history lesson for the Trump administration.
National Police Union Endorses Donald Trump. The self-described "law-and-order candidate" gets official backing from law enforcement.
Obama Laid The Groundwork For Sexual Assault Survivors To Speak Up. The former administration created an environment where women were heard and defended. The current White House can't really reverse that.
China Trolls Trump Over Report It's Hacked His iPhone. Russian and Chinese spies reportedly listen in on the president's phone calls regularly.
Greg Abbott's Anti-Trans Jab At Obama Doesn't Even Make Sense. He says he wants to protect his "Texas values."
Up Close and Personal With George W. Bush's Horrifying Legacy. The Iraq disaster remains George W. Bush's enduring folly, and the Republican attempt to shift the blame to the Obama presidency is obscene nonsense. This was, and will always be, viewed properly as Bush's quagmire, a murderous killing field based on blatant lies.
Joe Manchin Backs Public Housing Drug Tests, Got Idea From Schoolchildren. "Foster care is the only thing that can save me."
Something Old, Something New in Donald Trump's Populism. Donald Trump's surprisingly successful presidential campaign accompanied by violence at campaign rallies and a general disregard for democratic norms are only the latest manifestation of this declining confidence. Trump would be impossible at a time or a place where democratic commitments were more robust and where the temptations of yielding to a strong leader who operates outside of the normal rules of the game were less pronounced.
Former Trump Attorney Stuns 'Fox & Friends,' Says Stormy Daniels NDA Is Likely Invalid. "If there’s no signature by [Trump], it’s not valid," Jay Goldberg said.
The Candidate: Election Season Classic May Ease Pain as It Entertains. Some people watch It's A Wonderful Life at Christmas time; I watch The Candidate at election time. Crisply directed by Michael Ritchie, it is highly recommended for Democrats and independents dreading Tuesday night's results.
Obama: If You Want More Civility In Politics, Don't Vote For People Like Trump. "Vote for folks who are civil and who are making arguments and using logic and presenting evidence, not just somebody who is popping off."
Biden Shutters Trump-Era Office For Crimes Allegedly Committed By Immigrants. Trump created the Victim Of Immigration Crime Engagement Office by executive order during his first week in office.
Marco Rubio Dodges Question On Whether He'd Deport Parents Of U.S. Citizens. He said we need to enforce our laws.
After Criticism, Benjamin Netanyahu Defends Planned Speech To Congress.
FCC Announces Plans To Repeal Net Neutrality. Trump's FCC Chairman thinks Comcast should have even more control over your internet than it already does.
Obama's Democratic Trade Critics Pin Their Hopes On The GOP Primary. Progressives will need Republicans to defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
That Time the CIA Subjected Americans to 'Surprise Acid Trips'. Ten scientists, some from the CIA, gathered in a cabin in Maryland for their semiannual review and conference in November
Anthony Weiner Isn't Buying Bernie Sanders' Presidential Bid.
Federal Drug Prosecutions Still At Historic Lows In First Few Months Of Trump Administration. The new numbers indicate it may take awhile for Jeff Sessions to reverse trends that began in the Obama administration.
Republicans Set Date For House Leadership Elections. Republicans will choose their candidate for Boehner's replacement on Oct. 8.
Trump Suggests Iran Brought Deadly Terrorist Attacks Upon Itself. "States that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil that they promote,” he warned.
6 Primary Races You Should Watch This Week.
Donald Trump Is Finding It Hard To Field A Foreign Policy Team Without A Foreign Policy. The president-elect is shuffling through names, seemingly with no ideological aim. His fellow Republicans are confused, too.
Syrian Diaspora: Jordan's Urban Refugees (PHOTOS). Not since the horror of World War II has the planet seen a forced migration the size of the Syrian diaspora that began three years ago when seemingly innocuous government protests escalated into a bloody civil war.
How the Internet Was Saved... and Why the Battle Continues. The battle continues. The history of media reform tells us that if we ignore core systemic problems like the power of monopolies and the lack of structural diversity, important protections like net neutrality can be short-lived.
End All Youth Detention and Torture at Rikers Island Now. Nobody of any age should be held in jail without a trial for three years. No child or adolescent should be held in an adult jail. Yet, a 16-year-old accused of stealing a backpack was kept in one of the most violent adult jails in the United States, Rikers Island in New York City, for three years without a trial. This was morally scandalous and inhumane. Even worse, he spent more than two years of that time in solitary confinement, locked up alone except to go to the shower, the recreation area, the visit room or the medical clinic. This was torture. The suicide of 22-year-old Kalief Browder on June 6, barely two years after his release and return home, was the final horror in his tragic and brutal journey into the depths of the adult criminal justice system in New York.
Senate Reaches Long-Sought Agreement On Criminal Justice Overhaul. WASHINGTON (AP) — A bipartisan group of senators has reached a long-sought agreement on changes to the criminal justice system
Trump's National Security Adviser Changed His Mind About Turkey Coup Attempt After His Firm Got Involved. Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn said in July that the military's attempt to overthrow the government was "worth clapping for." Now he calls Turkey an ally.
Obama Fact-Checks Trump’s Convention Speech. The president called out the GOP nominee's fear-mongering.
Trump’s HHS Nominee Got A Sweetheart Deal From A Foreign Biotech Firm. Tom Price's stock deals resurrect concerns about powerful public officials gaining investment opportunities unavailable to the public.
Democrats Don't Appear To Yearn For An Outsider Candidate. In case you were wondering for some reason.
Obama: If You Can Make Time For Taco Bell, You Can Make Time To Vote. “You can vote and then go get your taco."
Pro-Clinton Senator Sees Something Trump-Like In Bernie Sanders' Rise. "People are really aggravated at the government right now."
Proof That Republicans And Democrats Can Actually Be Friends. Two men who don't agree on politics are spending the day at the inauguration. And they're fine. Really.
Romney Goes After Obama With POWERPOINT Presentation.
The Commentariat Considers: What Gave Rise To Donald Trump?. Honestly, what didn't?
GOP Lawmaker To Give Away Two AR-15 Assault Weapons As Door Prize At Fundraiser. He doubled down on his offer the day after the Orlando shooting.
Ted Cruz And Joe Scarborough Feud On Twitter Over Donald Trump, Cocktails And Panties. “You lose this fight every time. You sold your soul to Trump,” the MSNBC host ended the war of words with the GOP senator.
Obama Announces New Sanctions On North Korea In Response To Sony Hack.
Crossing The Street To See The Other Perspective.
Trump's Paid Parental Leave Plan Is A Non-Starter. It may give the president bragging rights, but it is unlikely to bring any relief to working families.
12 More States Are Considering Drug Testing Welfare Applicants.
Inspiring Confidence Does Not Seem To Be Rex Tillerson’s Strong Suit. The Tillerson Doctrine: “My wife told me I’m supposed to do this.”
20 Arrested After Protest Outside Donald Trump Event In Orange County Turns Rowdy. No major injuries were reported and about 20 people were taken into custody.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Republicans Are Feeling A Lot Better About Their Party Post-Election. Most now think Donald Trump was their best option as a nominee.
How Our Allies in Asia see the Presumptive Republican Nominee.
Tuesday's Morning Email: Brace Yourselves For The Last Week Of The Campaign. Just one more week.
Clinton Camp Says Michigan Is Safe For Her, But Acts Like It’s Not. The former secretary of state was in Michigan on Friday, but she's already planning another visit.
NSA Watchdog To Review Agency Following Tucker Carlson’s Spy Claims. Conservatives have for weeks demanded an investigation into Carlson’s claim that a major U.S. spy agency targeted him, but he has provided no evidence.
Sunday Roundup. This week, we lost Joan Rivers, who died on Thursday, at 81-years-young (as Sarah Silverman tweeted: "She wasn't done."). Rivers was a true trailblazer. Known now for the red carpet, she began with the glass ceiling, shattering it by telling-- and sometimes shouting -- unspoken truths. "A girl, you're 30-years-old, you're not married -- you're an old maid," she said, satirizing the prevalent culture. "A man, he's 90-years-old, he's not married -- he's a catch!" That was 1967 on the Ed Sullivan Show. "My act spoke to women who weren't able to talk about things," she said. "I was talking about things that were really true." And she never stopped. Through all her iterations, struggles, ups and downs, there was never anything fake about her -- except for her plastic-surgery-altered face, which, of course, she gleefully lampooned. Asked what she wanted on her tombstone, she replied: "She had a great time." As did we.
Trump’s First 100 Days: The Foreign Policy Report Card. To quote Nikki Haley, “There’s a new sheriff in town.”
Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel Calls Donald Trump 'An Embarrassment'. The former two-term GOP senator from Nebraska said Trump is “doing great damage to our country internationally.”
Even Mike Huckabee Has No Clue What Donald Trump's Voter Fraud Claims Are About. “I’m not sure why he brought it up."
Yes, Virginia, 'Die Hard' Is A Christmas Movie. From Capra's conscientious capitalists, to Bruce Willis' yippee-ki-yay heroics, Christmas flicks help ease our American anxiety
GOP Party Chairman Really Doesn't Want To Talk About Abolishing The IRS.
Anti-Trump Protesters Scale Crane Near White House, Urge Public To 'Resist'. “The sun has risen this morning on a new America, but it isn’t Donald Trump’s," one activist said.
Richard Albero on Wounded Warriors and Presidential Leadership: Part II of His 1,200-Mile Yankee Trek. As for Hillary Clinton, she and other presidential contenders might heed the words of Albero, who said that the first principle of leadership is "consistency.  When you form a policy, you can't let politics change that policy you believe in." He added, "A really true leader can see the consequences of an action down the line."
I'll Vote for That. The mere idea that members of Congress should be required to take annual ethics training speaks volumes about how far we have strayed from our founders' values, but may be necessary as a first step toward restoring decency and respectability in our nation's capital.
Corporate, Koch Money Dominates Early 2016 Senate Race Spending. Most early money comes from groups that don't disclose their donors.
World's Saddest Trump Rally Draws Lone Protester: 'Kind Of By Myself Out Here'. Most pro-Trump demonstrations on Inauguration Day were low-key affairs.
Distracted Dogging: Legal In Most States, Controversial In All. Driving with an animal in your lap may be fun, but it’s extremely dangerous for the driver, passengers, other motorists and
Watch Out For These 4 Outrageous GOP House Candidates. They could be the next Steve King or Louie Gohmert or Michele Bachmann.
Republicans Seem OK With Trump’s Nominees Misleading The Public. Four Trump Cabinet members have been accused of withholding information -- or worse.
Ex-Arkansas Governor, U.S. Senator Dale Bumpers Dies At Age 90. He drew national attention for his defense of Bill Clinton during the president's impeachment trial.
Washington Braces For Anti-Trump Protests. The number of planned protests and rallies this year is far above what has been typical at recent presidential inaugurations.
Conservative Activist Phyllis Schlafly Dead At 92. Schlafly was instrumental in the defeat of the Equal Rights Amendment.
The Supreme Court's Conservatives Don't Seem To Know What Obamacare Actually Does. For one thing, it doesn't offer a "birth control only" plan.
One Week, Three Lessons on the Exclusivity of Exceptionalism in America. Three events in the week beginning April 20, 2015, show convincingly that the American promise of national and global societal justice is a lie.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Obama's Approval Rating Takes A Dip.
Donald Trump On Elizabeth Warren: 'She's Got A Big Mouth'. She must be getting under his skin.
Organizers Release Qualifying Criteria For November GOP Debate. There won't be a limit to the number of candidates who can participate in the main event.
U.S. Marine Corps To Make 19 Job Titles Gender-Neutral. The word "man" is being erased from 19 roles in the service.
Poll: Nearly Half Of Trump And Clinton Supporters Just Want To Stop The Other Candidate​. The results reflect a deepening ideological divide in the U.S.
Charles Koch Blasts Subsidies & Tax Credits, But His Firm Has Taken $195 Million Worth of Them. Billionaire Charles Koch told a gathering of conservative donors Saturday that politicians must end taxpayer-funded subsidies
Tuesday's Morning Email: Trump's Phone Call With Putin. And his top picks for secretary of state.
Seeking spheres of influence, Russia, China imitate America.
Bill O'Reilly Blames 'Reverse McCarthyism' For Celebs Shunning Donald Trump's Inauguration. Huh?
Protesters Face Off As U.S. Abortion Debate Heats Up. “Trump is going to hear our trumpet call.”
Trump Lectures America On Values One Year After Being Caught Bragging About Assault. Pot, meet kettle.
President Who Pushed For Muslim Ban Says He'll 'Never Ever Stand For Religious Discrimination'. "We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied or silenced anymore."
The Independent Payment Advisory Board.
Senators Find Agreement On Obamacare Payments, Only To Have Trump Flip-Flop On Them. The president took two different positions in a span of hours. Who knows what comes next.
Priebus: Hillary Clinton 'Playing Politics' With Release Of Benghazi Chapter.
Democratic Groups Dump Money, Staff Into Jon Ossoff's Georgia Race. It's not every day a 30-year-old Democrat is poised to win a congressional seat once held by Newt Gingrich and Tom Price.
My Kid Has A Disability; I Can't Vote Red Anymore. Republicans are doing everything in their power to make my son's life harder.
Monday's Morning Email: Fired U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara Hints At Intrigue. Did Rupert Murdoch call in a favor?
Bernie Sanders Calls Out Media For Not Covering Obama's Trade Deal.
Nevada GOP Chairman Laments That 'Certain Groups' Got More Time To Vote. His dog whistle about Hispanic voters wasn't exactly subtle.
Open Letter To The Korean President: 61 Years After Armistice, Democracy Is More Vital Than Ever. It is my hope that the 33,686 US soldiers who gave their lives in Korea, together with another 8,176 US soldiers who were missing in action, did not make the ultimate sacrifice in defense of your freedom to enable freedom's destruction under your government.
Donald Trump Has Irrevocably Changed How We Will Grade Our Presidential Candidates. Just try to imagine Mitt Romney with Trump's baggage. You can't!
Trump Said Probing His Finances Would Be A 'Red Line.' That's Exactly What Robert Mueller Is Now Doing.. Mueller has asked Deutsche Bank for data on Trump's finances for his Russia investigation.
Carl Bernstein: Trump Lies Like No Other President, Day In And Day Out. "He deserves respect. That doesn't mean he shouldn't be called out on his lies."
Police Body Cameras Are Pointless Unless Cops Use Them Correctly. The devices can't help bring transparency and accountability if they're not turned on.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Slams Pruitt: 'Big Polluters Have Their Fantasy EPA Nominee'. "Scott Pruitt sides with the corporate polluters. He has no business as head of the EPA.”
Clinton And Goldman: Why It Matters. Why is Hillary Clinton refusing to release the transcripts of her Goldman Sachs speeches?
Republicans Who Support Combating Climate Change Urge Trump To Stay In Paris Deal. But a majority remained silent.
Jeanne Shaheen Calls For Senate Hearings Into Russia's Interference In U.S. Elections. She warned of the "sobering possibility that Russia is employing the tactics it has used to influence elections in places like Ukraine and Georgia, this time in the United States.”
Controversial Arizona Recounters Won't Pound On Voters' Doors After DOJ Complaint. Interrogating residents about their votes "can have a significant intimidating effect on qualified voters," warned a Justice Department official.
Trump's Muslim Ban 3.0 Is Still Unconstitutional. After federal courts struck down Donald Trump's first two Muslim bans, his functionaries crafted a third one. In an attempt
This Republican Distanced Herself From Trump And Won. Republican Rep. Barbara Comstock kept an arm's length from the GOP presidential nominee. She ended up hanging onto her seat.
Mark Kelly: Trump Rolled Over For NRA, Did Nothing About Guns After Parkland. “To see our elected leaders do nothing over and over again, it’s just an incredibly sad situation.”
Michael Cohen Withdraws Steele Dossier Lawsuits Against BuzzFeed, Fusion GPS. Cohen is dropping the lawsuits just over a week after being subject to an FBI raid.
Donald Trump: Undocumented Immigrants Are Pouring Over The Border To Vote. Another reason he thinks the election is rigged against him.
Trump Said His Administration Runs Like A 'Fine-Tuned Machine.' The Track Record Suggests Otherwise.. The shocking number of high profile departures call into question Trump's boasts of hiring only the "best people."
Watch Obama's State Of The Union Speech Here.
How The Federal Reserve Could Rain On Trump's Tax Cut Parade. Even if the tax cuts boost growth, the central bank could slam the brakes.
Senator Ron Johnson Loudly Booed At Milwaukee Juneteenth Celebration. "We don't want you here," said one bystander. That's "not how you heal a nation," complained the conservative senator.
Charity Dinner Host: Donald Trump 'Crossed The Line' With Hillary Clinton Attacks. The GOP nominee drew boos at a Catholic fundraiser when he claimed Clinton was only "pretending not to hate Catholics."
Mitt Romney Says He's Officially Done With Running For President.
The ALEC-Backed War on Local Democracy. Corporate interests that spend hundreds of millions a year on state and federal lobbying have grown accustomed to getting what they want at the federal and state levels, but it is much harder to assert corporate control over America's 22,553 municipal and county governments.
White House On Lockdown, Obama Not On Grounds. WASHINGTON, Sept 16 (Reuters) - The White House was placed on a security lockdown on Wednesday because of an unattended package
Oregon Militant Leaders Unhappy With Jail Rules, Want Facebook. "If they are going to detain us as innocent men, then they are obligated to afford us the rights to defend ourselves and emotionally connect to our families."
SWAMP Act Would Make Donald Trump Pay For His Own Visits To Mar-A-Lago. “President Trump is on track to spend more during his first year of office than all eight years of the Obama administration combined,” the bill says.
Protestors Want Green Day's 'American Idiot' To Top UK Chart For Trump Visit. 🎤 Don't wanna be an American idiot... 🎤
Senator McCain Says Russia Must Pay Price For Hacking. "When you attack a country, it's an act of war."
Sunday Roudup. This week, the framework of a deal on curbing Iran's nuclear capabilities was announced. Existing stockpiles of enriched uranium will be reduced by 97 percent, centrifuges by two-thirds, along with what President Obama called a "robust and intrusive" inspection regime -- if adhered to, the deal would make a bomb impossible for at least 10 years. "It will make our country, our allies and our world safer," said Obama. In short, a tentative victory for all. Except, of course, those cheerleaders of the disastrous Iraq War pining to launch a sequel. Speaker Boehner vowed to ask "tough questions" -- something Congress failed to do 12 years ago in the run up to Shock and Awe. And Sen. Mark Kirk has already trotted out the Iraq playbook, predicting this is "going to end with a mushroom cloud somewhere near Tehran." But at least this time around we have a much clearer picture of what listening to cynical references to mushroom clouds can lead to.
Trump Clams Up When Asked If He'll Pardon Paul Manafort. He refused to answer the question and indicated he was done talking to the press.
U.S. Blames Russia For Cyberattacks On Electricity Grid. The move marks the first time the United States has publicly accused Moscow of hacking into American energy infrastructure.
Rick Snyder Calls In National Guard For Flint Water Crisis. It's all about bringing people clean water.
Felipe the Bastard King. The country has become wealthier but the character of its people has not changed a bit. Oligarchs and Caciques continue to rule the local, municipal, regional and of course national jurisdictions. The mediocre refuse to abandon the political establishments.
Trump Claims He 'Never Met' Woman Accusing Him Of Sexually Assaulting Her In Trump Tower. "It’s liars like you in politics that have prompted me to run for office myself," responded a woman who accused him of forcibly kissing her in 2006.
GOP Congressman Doug Lamborn Thrown Off The Ballot For 2018 (UPDATED). The Colorado Supreme Court ruling means the congressman can’t run for re-election, at least as a Republican.
Let’s Wish Medicare And Medicaid A Happy Birthday By Fighting To Protect And Expand Them. On July 30, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law. Fifty-two years later, both programs stand
News Roundup for August 4, 2017. Here’s some depressing news as you head into the weekend. 1. Trump’s private phone calls with Mexico’s President Nieto and
Trump Surrogate Rudy Giuliani: 'Anything's Legal' During War. The former New York mayor claimed the United States would have been justified in confiscating Iraq's oil reserves.
Trump Administration Will Appeal DACA Ruling. A 9th U.S. Circuit Court last week blocked Trump's move to end the program for Dreamers.
Donald Trump Actually Just Ended His News Conference By Saying 'You're Fired'. Yes, he actually did that.
Bush Ethics Chief: Trump Has 'No Empathy' For Fallen Soldiers' Families. "He stayed home during Vietnam with his sore foot or whatever it was," said Richard Painter.
Police Have No Idea How Laquan McDonald Footage Vanished Right After They Watched It. A Burger King manager says police deleted the restaurant's surveillance video, but police say they have no idea what happened.
Army Vet Caught In FBI Sting Allegedly Plotted ISIS-Inspired Presidents Day Attack. Robert Lorenzo Hester, 25, of Missouri, wanted "global jihad," authorities alleged.
HUFFPOLLSTER: The State Of The Union Is 'Cranky'.
Claire McCaskill Says She Had A Cursing Problem Early In Her Career. The senator said she swore a lot to fit in with the men she worked with.
Mike Huckabee Thinks He Knows The Constitution Better Than The Supreme Court. But he can't even remember his own state's dark history.
Obama: 'Arnold Palmer Had Swagger Before We Had A Name For It'. The King passed away at the age of 87.
It's Time To Admit: Nobody Knows Anything About The 2016 Campaign. The old "rules" of presidential politics no longer seem to apply.
Matt Lauer Lets Donald Trump Get Away With Iraq War Lie. It's been nearly seven months since audio surfaced proving Trump's 2002 support of the Iraq War.
Basketball 'Diplomat' Dennis Rodman Posts Pic Of Kim Jong Un In A MAGA Hat. #Peace #Love #NotWar
Archdiocese Of New York Pays $40 Million To Sexual Abuse Victims. The compensation payments were made to nearly 200 survivors.
Godfather Of Marijuana Research Says He's Never Even Tried The Stuff. Raphael Mechoulam says his interest in cannabis has always been scientific.
Nunes To Hannity: I Had An 'Obligation' To Tell Trump About Surveillance Claims. "He's taking a lot of heat from the media," the House intel chair said by way of explanation.
There's More Than One Indiana Company That Wants To Go To Mexico. President-elect Donald Trump has been focused on Carrier, but there are several others.
Marco Rubio Fires Chief Of Staff Over Allegations Of 'Improper Conduct'. The Republican senator did not disclose details about the accusations per "the wishes of those victimized."
The Hollowing Out Of The Conservative Mind. Trump's rise has created an ideological vacuum in modern conservatism.
Madeleine Albright Tweets She Is ‘Ready To Register As Muslim’. The former secretary of state will stand in solidarity if Trump starts registering people.
Sanders Movement Plots Democratic Party Takeover At Weekend Gathering. But some activists are losing patience with the party.
Democrats Seek $1 Billion To Boost Cybersecurity For U.S. Elections. The measure followed warnings from U.S. intelligence officials that midterm races in November are likely to see renewed meddling from Russia and possibly other foreign adversaries.
What Trump’s Putin Love Reveals About Conservatives. Conservatives have a deep affinity for authoritarianism.
Kellyanne Conway Finally Admits Marriage With George Conway Is On The Rocks. Donald Trump's former White House adviser told People that “love must come with respect and ... a modicum of class and dignity.”
Watch Obama's Year-End Press Conference. He'll take questions at the White House before departing to Hawaii for the holidays.
Senate Candidate Loretta Sanchez Makes Disparaging Gesture About Native Americans.
Joe Biden Says Trump's Comments About Women Were 'Sexual Assault'. Well said, Joe.
Van Jones: Pete Buttigieg 'Falls Off A Cliff' On Black Issues. The CNN host called Buttigieg "a great candidate," but said he doesn't yet "have the touch" on racial matters.
There's No Silver Bullet For Solving School Lunch. Jamie Oliver tried to bring a "food revolution" to middle America. But the real revolution happened after he left.
Top House Democrats Demand FBI Inquiry Into Trump Team's Alleged Link To Email Hack. They single out notorious adviser Roger Stone for scrutiny.
Donald Trump Is Trailing So Badly, This National Super PAC Sent Money Way Down The Ballot. The EMILY's List super PAC is sending money to Minnesota, New Mexico and Vermont.
Iraq's Kurds Want A Ceasefire Between Turkey And The PKK. That way, everyone can focus on fighting ISIS.
Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them.. The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.
Teachers And Politicians Mount Final Push To Keep Betsy DeVos Away From Public Schools. The Senate will vote Tuesday on whether to confirm the controversial pick for U.S. Secretary of Education.
How Elaine Chao's Labor Department Failed To Protect Low-Wage Workers. When Donald Trump's transportation secretary nominee led the Labor Department, auditors found it wasn't performing one of its most basic duties.
Why Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III Is Unfit To Serve As Attorney General. [This column was first published by Truthdig.com]   Don’t let his languid southern drawl or physical resemblance to the kindly
HuffPost Rise: October 27th. Here's everything you need to know to start your Tuesday morning.
Trump Falsely Accuses Hillary On Uranium One Deal. Virtually every word of Trump’s accusation is a lie.
Elon Musk Digs In His Heels In Tesla Feud With United Auto Workers. The billionaire Tesla CEO, an adviser to President Donald Trump, firmly opposes his workers' efforts to unionize.
Marijuana Company Buys Entire California Town. Weed like to visit.
Trump Has Shown Receptiveness To Obama's Agenda. Does He Actually Mean It?. The $1 million question: Can you change the president-elect's worldview or is this all for show?
The Trump Presidency: Is The End Nigh?. Have Trump's recent nuclear threats and pro-neo-Nazi remarks marked the official start of his downfall?
DOJ Slaps Quotas On Immigration Judges To Speed Deportations. Immigration judges will have to handle 700 cases a year to avoid an unsatisfactory rating.
Europe Reels After Second Major Cyber Attack In As Many Months. The rapidly spreading computer worm appeared to borrow key features from last month’s ransomware attack.
Obama: No Nation, Not Even One As Powerful As The U.S., Is Immune From Climate Change. The president traveled to Hawaii to address global leaders in advance of the world's largest conservation event.
There's A Boycott Going On At Donald Trump's Fancy New Hotel. Trump has refused to negotiate with a housekeepers' union, leading to picket lines at his hotels.
Joe Biden More Likely Than Not To Run For President: Report. Vice President Joe Biden’s aides in recent days called Democratic donors and supporters to suggest he is more likely than
'Trump Who? I Still Don't Have Any Water'. Puerto Ricans in San Juan, struggling after Hurricane Maria, have mixed feelings about the president's visit.
Even The Defense Department Is Questioning Obama's ISIS Strategy.
9/11, Fear, and the Election. You may have heard these arguments before, but aren't they worth repeating? Especially in remembrance of the day that sparked us to action with generational consequences?
Jeb Poverty Plan Would End Food Stamps, Let States Sort Things Out. Take that, poverty!
What Is The "Right" Way To Protest?. To the Right, it seems there is no right way to protest
In Light of Michael Brown, We Must Connect the Dots. Perhaps the call to examine this one case would be understandable if justice came more often, but we've seen these unjust acts in communities of more color for far too long.
Thom Tillis Wins GOP Senate Primary.
Sunday Roundup. This week we said goodbye to Mario Cuomo. He was an electrifying speaker -- not just because of his style but because of the rich language, the erudition, and especially the soul he brought to his speeches. As he demonstrated in his famous speech at the 1984 Democratic National Convention, shining a light on what we can do better doesn't have to be disheartening, it can also inspire. "There is despair, Mr. President, in the faces that you don't see, in the places that you don't visit in your shining city," he said, addressing Ronald Reagan. "You ought to know that this nation is more a 'Tale of Two Cities' than it is just a 'Shining City on a Hill.'" We also bid farewell to 2014, which I'll remember as the year that awareness of how mindfulness can enhance well-being reached a tipping point. Here's to a New Year in which our inner resilience and wisdom can help us meet the challenges ahead.
Hillary Clinton To Lena Dunham: I'm 'Puzzled' By Women Who Say They Aren't Feminists. "It just means that we believe women have the same rights as men -- politically, culturally, socially, economically -- that's what it means."
In Era Of Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders Sees ‘The Beginning Of A Political Revolution’. The Vermont senator’s response to the State of the Union was long, fiery and surprisingly optimistic.
Sen. Jeff Merkley Targets Big Pharma With Bill To Lower Prescription Drug Prices. The Oregon Democrat's bill would link drug prices with access to Medicare, Medicaid, military and VA patients.
Oklahoma Reportedly Used The Wrong Drug In A January Execution. After receiving the first drug in the lethal injection series, the man being executed said, "My body is on fire."
If Anyone Is Unifying The GOP, It's Clinton, Not Trump. The only thing Republicans share is a common enemy.
How Democrats Can Emerge From The "Valley Of Humiliation". Finally, President Obama should use his farewell address to remedy one of his biggest failures which is not hammering home
Beto O'Rourke Slams Texas GOP’s Coronavirus Response. "This is a death cult. The Texas GOP. Only they want you to do the dying," the former Democratic presidential contender said.
U.S. Sanctions 2 North Korean Officials Over Missile Program. The men are known as two of the three people behind Kim’s banned rocket program.
The Trump Team Still Hasn't Explained Why It Took 18 Days To Fire Michael Flynn. The White House says Trump was briefed on Flynn's Russia call in late January.
Rank-And-File Republicans Send Unequivocal Message To Donald Trump, GOP Enablers. The president's conservative critics unload in a series of new videos from Republican Voters Against Trump.
Dakota Access Pipeline Developer Won't Budge On Route Change. "We're building at that location."
White House Correspondents' Dinner Won't Feature Comedian For First Time In 16 Years. Pulitzer Prize winner Ron Chernow, who penned the 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton, was selected after this year's controversy with comedian Michelle Wolf.
Trumpcare Will Hurt Students With Disabilities. Deep cuts to Medicaid will imperil key programs necessary to treat vulnerable American students.
The United States and Latin America, 2025. Climate change will emerge as a new driver of migration. As the oceans warm, feeding Atlantic hurricanes with ever-great energy, super storms will become more frequent and more devastating, wracking Central America and the islands of the Caribbean, demolishing homes, businesses, and jobs.
Obama Hits The Gas On Regs.
Recent Federal Student Loans Look A Lot Like Subprime Mortgages. Americans who recently took out federal student loans aren't paying down their debt.
Why Trump Supporters Are Sticking With Him. At a rally in Bangor, Maine, Wajahat Ali probes the depths of Trump supporters' hatred for Clinton.
James Comey Needs To Get His Clinton Investigation Story Straight...Again. The twisted tale of a dubious document leaves more questions than answers.
Jeb Bush Energy Plan Takes Aim At Obama Effort To Reduce Power Plant Emissions. Seems like a good start toward fighting climate change.
Police Supporters Rally In Washington D.C..
Name-Drawing Delayed In Tied Virginia Race After Democrat Launches Last-Minute Court Challenge. On Wednesday, the state's Board of Elections had been scheduled to pick a name out of a bowl, in a race that would determine control of the state legislature.
New York Times Ignores Dangerous Consequences of Pro-Israel Amendment to TPA. The New York Times' coverage of Congressional antics related to the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation has ignored so many critical aspects of the bill that it might be time for the "paper of record" to change its motto from "All the news that's fit to print" to "All the news we think fits, we print."
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On May 16. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Here's What Could Happen If We Actually Funded Gun Violence Research. It seems that not a week passes without a new report of a mass shooting in the United States. The gun epidemic, long simmering
After Orlando, Senate Likely To Pass GOP-Backed Surveillance Bill. The proposal met opposition from critics who said it threatened civil liberties and did little to improve national security.
Atheist Group Calls For DNC CFO To Resign Over Proposed Attack On Bernie Sanders' Faith. In a leaked email, staffers proposed playing up rumors Sanders is an atheist.
The Republican Tax Agenda Has A 'Not Quite' Problem. About that "doubled" standard deduction...
Despite Legal Blows, Trump's Muslim Ban Is Alive And Well. The American people have the impression that the Muslim ban has been defeated, but in reality, visa officials have been carrying it out – administratively – for over a month.
The Need To Recognize Reality. Reality has moved way beyond just recognizing Palestinians are there. We need to hear their voices, understand their pain, and say that our Democratic Party understands that this is conflict that must be resolved by respecting the rights of both peoples.
Here's A Gift Guide For The People In Your Life Who Care About Criminal Justice. It’s that time of year again. Online retailers spam your inbox with holiday deals and gift ideas.
Obamacare Expansion In Texas Might Not Be A Pipe Dream.
Donald Trump Mocks Women Who Accused Him Of Sexual Assault. Disgusting.
Jeb Bush: I Misjudged The Intensity Of GOP Voters' Anger. "I just think it's important to fight this fight."
Trump 'Embraced Tyranny' In Hanoi, MSNBC's Joe Scarborough Says. "Donald Trump just hasn’t met a tyrant he doesn’t love," the "Morning Joe" host said.
Boehner Downplays GOP Insurrection. The Republican leader doesn't seem worried about dissent in the ranks.
Wolff Revelations About President Ring True With Trump Biographer. Lies, repetitive stories and slamming women all very recognizable, noted Michael D'Antonio.
Chris Christie Aide Says Governor 'Flat Out Lied' About Bridgegate. The accusation appears in a new court filing.
Who Is Finished Paying Their 2017 Social Security Taxes? Probably Not You.. Extreme earnings inequality explains the Social Security shortfall because Social Security taxes are only collected on incomes below an earnings cap. In 2016, the cap was $118,500 (which is indexed to average wage growth, not the wage growth at the top).
Mike Pence Receives Republican Nomination For Vice President. Donald Trump said he picked the Indiana governor for "party unity."
Government Watchdog Agrees To Investigate Trump Voter Fraud Commission. Trump's panel is already facing a handful of lawsuits over its activities.
Obama To Participate In Town Hall On Guns. The president is reportedly readying executive actions to help curb gun violence.
Top Interior Official To Take Over At Helm Of Environmental Group.
DHS Watchdog Fails To Notify Congress Over Missing Jan. 6 Texts Of 2 Trump Officials. The phones of Homeland Security leaders Chad Wolf and Ken Cuccinelli reportedly were wiped, much like those of Trump's Secret Service agents.
Florida Lawmakers Ambush Education. Today, over 400,000 American Muslims constituents across the State of Florida are fighting a decisive battle against ignorance, intolerance and indifference in the Florida State Legislature. Sen. Hays has placed a special burden on our legislators to negotiate complex issues brought on by SB 864.
Ted Cruz Wants To Be Able To Vote Out Supreme Court Justices.
Officials Tell Obama There’s No Indication San Bernardino Attackers Were Part Of Larger Terror Group. They also told him there was evidence the pair had been self-radicalized.
Chris Christie Sticks Taxpayers With Huge Bill For Official Portrait. How much?!?
Don't Listen To The 'Fifth Dentist'. Have you ever wondered about the “fifth” dentist? Maybe she works for Coca Cola. Maybe he works for Kraft, maker of Kool
Inside America's Shadiest Corporate Scam.
Paul Ryan May Already Be Changing His Mind (On The Budget). He became speaker promising a return to regular order and appropriations bills. At this point, he'll take anything he can get.
Hillary Clinton Gratifies A Major Donor In Israel-Centric Conversation.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake Will Not Seek Re-Election. She has served as mayor since 2010.
Migrant Caravan Reaches The U.S. Border. The Trump administration urged the asylum-seekers not to come.
Tired Of Daylight Saving Time, Lawmakers Look To Lock The Clock. As more research shows the harmful effects of shifting to daylight saving time, more states are considering whether it’s
Donald Trump’s Cabinet Is On Track To Be The Least Experienced In Modern History. The president-elect may believe that’s a good thing. But governance experts are alarmed.
Jerry Brown: 'Troglodyte' Trump Supporters 'Dwell In Deep, Dark Caves'. California's governor doesn't mince words.
Florida's Death Penalty Law Is Ruled Unconstitutional — Again. The state's supreme court ruled that a jury must be unanimous when imposing a death sentence.
Activists Hope Pope Can Change Climate Conversation In Washington. The moral argument for climate action might finally get its due.
The Simple (and Unwelcome) Solution to Anti-Semitism.
States Rights: Not Just For Racists Anymore. Currently in the United States, it is the states, not the federal government, that regulate the practice of medicine, although
Trump Bashes George W. Bush's Call For Unity During COVID-19 Crisis. What unity?
Donald Trump Pays Tribute To Holocaust Victims While Banning Refugees. His statement also never actually mentions the Jewish people.
In Interview, Trump Lawyer Jay Sekulow Misrepresents Role of Secret Service. According to two sources familiar with Secret Service protocols, the lawyer's characterization of the agency is misleading.
The North Carolina Republican Party’s Attacks Against State Senate Candidate Andrew Barnhill Are Immature, Unethical And Scandalous. Obviously, political attack ads can be inaccurate. I never knew just how inaccurate until a good friend (and good man) had
Minneapolis Suburb Approves Changes To Policing After Daunte Wright’s Death. The Brooklyn Center City Council passed a progressive resolution that will serve as a road map for the city and other areas to overhaul its public safety system.
Jimmy Carter Addresses Sunday School Class Hours After The Sudden Death Of His Grandson. “I should be joyful and thankful to God for giving me both life and freedom."
AT&T Hands Trump A Reason To Boast As Firm Faces Critical DOJ Lawsuit. Can you say “smooth PR move”?
Scott Pruitt’s Professor Regrets ‘Unleashing’ EPA Chief On 'Unsuspecting Public’. The teacher blasts his former law school student in an Op-Ed.
Marriage Equality and Science. It's worth noting that the decision to make same-sex marriage a nationwide right in America owes a big debt of gratitude to science. Without science, this Supreme Court decision might have been delayed another century until mere decency prevailed over the entrenched forces of American fundamentalism.
Is Trump Smart Enough To Reappoint Janet Yellen?. Trump is likely to give us a Wall Street guy to chair the Fed.
Sessions, Health Care And The Fall Of Trump. Since George Washington, presidential elections have permitted voters to chose individuals, based on both character and policies
When Cops Kill - Will This Time Be Different?. After white cops kill three black suspects, two grand juries seem steered to no charges. What's different now are huge, national non-violent protests involving tens of thousands yet no demonstrator deaths, unlike '60s race riots. Could this actually be a "teachable moment" leading to change? Maybe yes, Matalin and Reagan agree.
Donald Trump: Sure, Call My Daughter A 'Piece Of Ass'. He even objectifies Ivanka.
Time for a Level Playing Field at the Supreme Court. In the vast majority of constitutional cases, the playing field is tilted decisively in favor of one side: The government.
Sheriff Who Said It Was Time For 'Pitchforks And Torches' Denounces Anti-Trump Protests. "These temper tantrums from these radical anarchists must be quelled."
Mike Huckabee Calls Planned Parenthood Shooting 'Domestic Terrorism'. "What he did is domestic terrorism, and what he is did is absolutely abominable."
If Bernie Sanders Runs for President He Should Run as a Republican. To avoid being a spoiler Bernie Sanders needs to run in a major party. While logic dictates he run as a Democrat, a choice to run in the Republican primaries, while appearing counter intuitive at first, has a number of benefits.
Maryland Lawmakers Stand By Prosecutor's Charges In Freddie Gray Probe.
The Obamas Have Left The Building, But Not Social Media. How to keep in touch with @POTUS and @FLOTUS post-Inauguration.
Hillary Clinton's Economic Speech A Total Letdown. Wages and inequality get lip service and not much else.
US Complains About Russian Election Interference While Interfering In Votes Around The World. Russia’s most rabid critics are among the most enthusiastic supporters of American intervention overseas.
This Vet Filmed Himself Trying To Get A Doctor's Appointment At VA. It Wasn't Pretty.. A Massachusetts congressman has a bill that could fix this.
To Fight Human Trafficking, The Budget Must Protect Homeless Kids. With the news from two major studies released last month that one in five homeless youth has been trafficked, it is now clear
If (When) Baghdad Falls, Keep American Soldiers Away From the Mess Created By Bush and Obama. With Iraq falling apart and a new enemy on the horizon that's simply a rebranding of the old one, there's a striking observation to be made about two presidents, Congress, and the leaders who send our soldiers off to war.
We Cannot Fail The DACA Recipients. If this program lapses, lives for these young immigrants would end as they know it, and their futures would be extremely bleak.
Devin Nunes Calls Colbert's Jokes About Him A 'Danger' In This Country. The left "attacks people trying to get to the truth," the congressman told Fox News.
Hillary Clinton Is Leading In A Greater Portion Of Polls Than Obama Was In The Last Two Elections. Things are looking good for the Democratic nominee.
Climate Pact Is An 'Act Of Defiance' After Paris Attacks, Obama Says. "What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it."
Supreme Court To Reconsider Death Sentence For Black Man After Expert Gave Racist Testimony. The expert told the jury that Buck Duane was more likely to be dangerous in the future because he's black.
Bobby Shriver - Chamber Made. Because Richard Nixon earned the reputation as "Tricky Dick" and was later associated with the Watergate scandal, many Americans mistakenly believe that Republicans have a monopoly on dirty tricks. They don't.
Trump Won With Lowest Minority Vote In Decades, Fueling Divisions. He received less support from black and Hispanic voters than any president in at least 40 years.
Christian Nationalism On The Rise In Some GOP Campaigns. Doug Mastriano’s win in the Pennsylvania gubernatorial primary marks a high-profile victory for the movement.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Enriching Himself With Campaign (Well, More Than Before). Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!  Donald Trump
Glenn Beck Is Not Taking Ted Cruz's Trump Endorsement Well. "Maybe it is time to go to the mountains for a while," he wrote.
The GOP Theme o' the Week. You can tell when the dittohead memo has gone out from GOP headquarters, because not only do so many on the far right start making the same point, but you see it repeated and repeated and endlessly repeated in tweets flying across your screen.
Trump Attacks Senator As 'Phony Vietnam Con Artist' Over Misleading Military Claims. "Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal."
Judge Blocks Obama Administration's Rule On Waterways. It wasn't immediately clear if the injunction applied to other states.
When It's Done With Adults, The Gender Stereotyping We Do With Kids Looks As Ridiculous As It Is.
The DC Marijuana Battle: It's About More Than Weed. Should the debate move beyond semantics, this confrontation could result in a very significant, consequential and long overdue debate both about marijuana policy in the United States and about Washington's continued status as the nation's last colony.
Hillary Clinton Blasts Donald Trump For Cheering Housing Bubble Burst. Clinton's campaign released an ad with audio Trump recorded in 2006 in which he spoke of a "bubble burst" that he "sort of hope... happens."
Pentagon To Repeal Ban On Transgender Troops. The announcement will come on July 1.
GOP Activists Increasingly Concerned The Republican Convention Will Be A Brawl. With Donald Trump as the front-runner, a fractured party is barreling toward a clash later this summer.
Senate Will Take Up House 3-Month Highway Funding Bill. After weeks of talking past each other, the House and Senate are expected to agree on a short-term plan.
Progressives Mount Fight To Abolish Superdelegates Ahead Of DNC. They lost in the rules committee, but they'll get another shot on the convention floor.
Saving Amazing Young Grace And Her Medicaid. Americans with pre-existing conditions, like Grace, will suffer greatly under the GOP health care plan.
Activists Are Rallying To Stop Betsy DeVos From Running The Country's Public Schools. Protesters say they want to protect public education.
After Nevada, Bernie Sanders Supporters Haven't Lost Faith. "He's so much closer than anyone thought he would be."
Some 450 Former EPA Officials Want The Senate To Reject Trump's Pick. They point to Scott Pruitt's “disturbing” environmental record.
White House Praises 'Most Ambitious Climate Change Agreement In History'. The climate change agreement comes after two weeks of negotiations.
Pruitt Enjoyed Coal Baron's VIP Sports Seats As EPA Cut Back On Regulations. Pruitt's attendance at a college basketball game raises one more concern about the EPA chief.
Ghazala Khan, Mother Of Slain War Hero, Responds To Donald Trump. "Without saying a thing, all the world, all America, felt my pain. I am a Gold Star mother. Whoever saw me felt me in their heart."
Chris Christie Thinks Trump Really Does Believe All The Horrific Things He Says. Still, that didn't stop Christie from endorsing the GOP frontrunner.
Band-Aid Nation: America Has Tiny Solutions To Big Problems. "You are not going to believe this," Jimmy Carroll said, hustling us down the beach on the Isle of Palms, right outside Charleston
Why Republican Efforts To Defeat Obamacare Were Doomed From The Start. Obamacare was imperfect progress, but that is almost always how progress is made. And the inertia of imperfect progress is difficult to overcome.
Here Are 10 Of The Best Political Quotes Of 2014.
Andrew McCabe Stunned By 'Remarkable' Number Of Russian Contacts In Trump's Circle. The former acting FBI director tells NPR that Trump's refusal to believe U.S. intelligence on North Korea over Putin's counsel was "head-spinning."
How The GOP Tax Plan Could Radically Reshape U.S. Housing Policy. Donald Trump's tax agenda undercuts a major subsidy for homeowners.
Republicans Could Be Gambling Silicon Valley's Support Over Net Neutrality.
The RNC Plans To Turn Bernie Backers Against Hillary Clinton’s VP Pick. In a strategy memo provided to The Huffington Post, the committee outlines how it will attack the top candidates.
Pursuing Unclear Concessions, House Freedom Caucus Nearly Derails Tax Bill Conference. The Fool's Gambit.
States Work To Help People With Disabilities Find Work. The term “people with disabilities” encompasses people with all types of mental and physical disabilities.
Woman Says Al Franken Told Her An Unwanted Kiss Was His 'Right As An Entertainer'. Two more women have now accused the Democratic senator of sexual misconduct.
Stop Undermining the President!. Whatever happened to putting our country first?  It seems to me any global unrest becomes an excuse to bash our President for political purposes.
Republicans Gut Wall Street Reforms In Must-Pass Spending Bill. "A terrible precedent."
'Nativist Crap': Critics Erupt In Fury Over New Conservative 'Anglo-Saxon' Caucus. GOP Reps. Marjorie Taylor Greene and Paul Gosar appear to be behind the group that aims to push "uniquely Anglo-Saxon political traditions."
Charlottesville And American Authoritarianism. Fascism is always waiting for its moment.
Democrats Ramp Up Redistricting Plans In Effort To Avoid Repeating 2010 Fiasco. “He who controls redistricting can control Congress.”
Tuesday's Morning Email: What To Watch For In Today's Health Care Vote. And what we don't know.
GOP Lawmaker On Rob Porter Abuse Allegations: 'Why Are We Still Talking About It?'. The White House forced Porter from his job, Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-N.Y.) pointed out. End of story.
The Death Penalty Is Probably About To Disappear In One State.
Republicans Strip Their Anti-LGBTQ Provision From Defense Bill. It would have let government contractors fire LGBTQ employees in the name of religious liberty.
Sanders' Supporters Light Up Twitter In Solidarity After Big Clinton Wins. "You all know that it is more than Bernie — it is all of us together,” he told his supporters Tuesday night.
Cruz Sees Opportunity In GOP Opposition To His Bid. Ted Cruz has made his mark in the Senate by making enemies. Now, those enemies are coming back to bite him by working against
Trump Executive Order Helps Cement Guantanamo's Status As A Forever Prison. The president had said he would keep Gitmo open and "load it up with some bad dudes."
Trump 'Believes In Putting Your Oxygen Mask On First Before Helping Others,' Says Top Spokeswoman. The comment by national campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson is unlikely to help the candidate win over voters.
'You Have to Work with A**holes. That's Democracy. We, in Our Wisdom, Elected Them.'. My annual calendar has two special days, each celebrating a special form of courage. Both, environmentally appropriately, are in the spring. The kind of to attack when it is easy to stand-pat is the theme of the annual June Solidarity PAC lunch.
Adorable 10-Year-Old Hillary Clinton Volunteer Rips Donald Trump. "Number one, he doesn't have any experience, at all."
Suicide Rate Of U.S. Veterans Rose One Third Since 2001, Study Finds. The report estimated that an average of 20 veterans a day died from suicide in 2014, or about 7,300 in the year, compared to a previous estimate of 22 a day.
The Great Mitt-Stakes: Who 'Wins' Now That Romney Has Quit The Race?.
Better Love It or Leave It, Because We Cling to Guns. It is beyond me why the extreme right wing Republican power machine doesn't do a better job vetting the Cliven Bundys.
Oil Execs Chortle Over  'Unprecedented' Access To Trump Officials In Secret Recording. One speaker in the 2017 tape boasts of a petroleum group's links to David Bernhardt, who is now the acting Interior chief.
Interior Department Spending $138,670 To Replace Doors In Zinke's Office. The upgrade is meant to ensure the interior secretary doesn't get locked out on the balcony and that rain doesn't leak in.
Refugee Resettlement Offices May Be Forced To Shut Down Under Donald Trump's Ban. “We definitely need the community’s support to move forward over the next 120 days,” one director said.
We Will Have To Heal The Wounds Left After Trump's Corrosive Campaign. Once the election is over, we will need a collective effort to bind the wounds and address the divisions caused by this polarizing campaign.
Donald Trump Rages Against Iran, Pakistan In First Tweets Of 2018. Apparently, tweeting less wasn't one of his New Year's resolutions.
Bernanke: More Execs Should Have Faced Prosecution For 2008 Financial Crisis. "Now a financial firm is of course a legal fiction; it's not a person. You can't put a financial firm in jail."
Donald Trump Is Making It Hard For Santa Claus To Fulfill Melania's Christmas List. The first lady asked for peace, health, love and kindness, but apparently not irony.
‘They Cannot Hide From Him’: Democrats See Big Gains In Gubernatorial Races Under Trump. The stakes are high with redistricting battles on the horizon.
Fox News Hypes Imaginary Boost In Violence Against Police. Fox warns against a trend that doesn't exist.
Is Iran Baiting The U.S. Into Deeper Syrian Quicksand?. With new U.S. intelligence suggesting Syria’s Assad may be preparing to launch another chemical weapons attack on his beleaguered
Harry Reid Is Doing Everything He Can To Get Under Donald Trump's Skin. He won't stop bugging Trump to release his tax returns.
Fox News' Tucker Carlson Calls CNN's Brooke Baldwin An 'Airhead' In Coronavirus Interview Rant. The bizarre segment neglected to mention Baldwin herself just recovered from COVID-19, which continues to kill thousands of Americans a day.
Business Groups Might Be Quietly Killing A Bill That Would Bring Sexual Abuse Claims To Light. Congress could make all companies allow workplace sexual harassment victims to go to court. But the bipartisan legislation seems to have stalled.
Democrats Fear That Expectations For Donald Trump Are A Wee Bit Too Low. Is this Sarah Palin, circa 2008, all over again?
White House Is Furious About Media Propping Up, Giving Coverage To Guy Wanting Attention. Sarah Huckabee Sanders was not talking about Trump.
Trump Undercuts Easy Obamacare Attack With Dig About Bill Clinton's Infidelities. The GOP presidential nominee self-destructed as only he can.
Sarah Palin Defends Curt Schilling: 'ESPN Continues To Screw Up'. She spread more of the same hate.
Rubio Lost Big. He Has No Realistic Path To Winning Before The GOP Convention.. He didn't win any delegates Tuesday night.
Rally Against Confederate Symbol On Mississippi Flag Draws Hundreds. "It is a new South."
THAAD: Best A Bargaining Chip. North Korea’s recent intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) tests, combined with the Defense Intelligence Agency’s warning
'We Should Have Pushed Harder': Obama's Gitmo Czars Reflect On His Failure To Close The Prison. They transferred 201 detainees, but the president didn't keep his promise to shut down Guantanamo.
Colorado Gun Restrictions Upheld By Federal Judge.
Watch Hands Go Up When Hillary Clinton Asks Who's Been Affected By Substance Abuse. "I’ve had two town halls right here in New Hampshire...where the only subject was substance abuse."
Sean Spicer Struggles To Provide Any Actual Information At Press Briefing. "I’m not going to get into confirming stuff," he said.
U.S. Shoots Down Pro-Assad Regime Drone In Syria. It's the latest evidence the U.S. is expanding its use of force in Syria's war.
Trump Sets Obstruction Of Justice Terms: It’s His Credibility Against Comey’s. Trump long history of falsehoods against Comey’s boy scout reputation.
Feds Arrest Arizona Man For Selling Armor-Piercing Ammo To Las Vegas Shooter. Douglas Haig allegedly met shooter Stephen Paddock multiple times.
Energy Sector And EPA Nominee: Oklahoma Strong. Oklahoma is deeply and historically tied to oil and gas.
Eric Garner's Value. Just as no person of good faith denies the extraordinary challenges and heroisms of being a police officer, no person willing to listen should ignore the times we shield our eyes, hurrying past a police officer demeaning and humiliating someone, usually poorer and too often a person of color.
Amazing, Inspiring Statues Are Out There, And They Don’t Honor Racists. Twitter users are sharing their favorites.
North Carolina GOP's Power Grab Temporarily Blocked By Court. Former Gov. Pat McCrory (R) signed House Bill 17 in December before his Democratic successor took over.
Confederate Monuments Don't Belong on the Landscapes of Government. By removing these relics of the past to a space where those who wish to honor their heritage may do so, current state officials can help clear away the clutter of divisiveness so that all citizens may engage with their government unencumbered by the symbols of white supremacy.
Confused Twitter Erupts As GOP Hails 'New King' In Holiday Message. A number of people assumed the message was about Donald Trump.
Watershed Moment on Race? And: Is Trump a Farce or Face of GOP Base?. After cop videos, #blacklivesmatter, Charleston massacre/eulogy/flag -- oh, and a Black president -- Matalin and LaMarche debate if we're starting the biggest conversation on race since the Kerner Commission. Also, who will be the bloviating blond's Joe Welch or are Trump and GOP nativist base inseparable?
Texas Moves To Block Medicaid Funding For Planned Parenthood. The decision affects 11,000 low-income Texans.
Mary Trump Rips 'Fascist' Uncle, Assumes He Doesn't Even Know What That Means. The former president is the "least intellectually curious person I've ever met," Donald Trump's niece said in a scathing new attack.
Senate Resolution Celebrating Second Founding Is Just the Beginning. Even 150 years later, it's clear that the wounds of the Civil War are not completely healed. But despite these historical and political rifts, there is one thing that can and should unite all Americans, as it has united Senators Leahy and Lee and a unanimous Senate: The wisdom and importance of the constitutional changes wrought by the Civil War and Reconstruction.
The Evil of Lynching, Exposed. In Abbeville, South Carolina next Saturday, a historical marker honoring the life of an African American man lynched 100
The Republican Party: Between A Rock And A Hard Place. The latest polls have President Trump’s approval rating at a dismal 36 percent. That is the lowest rating any president has
Donald Trump Could Exacerbate The Teacher Diversity Gap. Some 20,000 teachers rely on DACA.
With Police Body Cameras, D.C. Mayor Promises Transparency With Caveats. In matters of great public interest, the mayor would decide whether to release related video footage.
Bernie Sanders supporters sue to have California's voter registration extended until election day. A federal lawsuit alleging widespread confusion over California's presidential primary rules asks that voter registration
Donald Trump Presidency Would Mean The 'Decimation Of Public Education,' Says Top Teachers Union Leader. "The guy’s narcissism makes him so dangerous."
Marco Rubio Avoids Criticizing Jeb Bush After Debate Tussle Over Missed Senate Votes. He's playing it cool.
Former CIA Director Won't Advise Donald Trump Anymore. James Woolsey had publicly split with Trump on Russia's interference in the 2016 election.
Louisiana Shooting Suspect Obtained Gun Legally, Had Extensive Criminal History In Georgia. WASHINGTON -- John Russell Houser, the man accused of killing two people and injuring nine at a movie theater in Lafayette
Donald Trump Is Unqualified To Be President, Majority Of American Voters Say. They also question whether either major-party candidate is honest.
Thursday's Morning Email: Inside The Bill O'Reilly Fallout. Tucker Carlson is taking over his time slot.
Glenn Beck Thinks God Killed Antonin Scalia To Help Ted Cruz Get Elected President. "I just woke the American people up."
Unions Are Key to Tackling Inequality, Says Top Global Financial Institution. Rising inequality is directly tied to waning rates of unionization, says a groundbreaking report released recently by the International Monetary Fund.
Detention Push Ignites New Deportation Battles. Expansion of detention centers to support a Trump administration push for more deportations is meeting resistance in some
Federal Judge Orders Return Of Iranian National Deported Under Trump's Ban. It's yet another legal setback for the executive order.
Rubio Prepares For Contested Convention. Marco Rubio's campaign is preparing for a contested Republican Convention as one option to take the GOP nomination away from
Supreme Court Rules For Congress -- And Victims Of Iran-Sponsored Terrorism. The ruling means Iran's central bank must pay terror claims.
Obama's Former Supreme Court Lawyer Says He 'Hated Losing' Big Immigration Case. Donald Verrilli, who helped save Obamacare twice, is returning to private practice.
For First Time In Over 150 Years, Supreme Court Will Be Shorthanded On Election Day. The justices get back to work next week, and there are already signs things are different.
Lincoln Project Attorney Scorches Lawsuit Threat Over Ivanka, Jared Billboards. "Peddle your scare tactics elsewhere. The Lincoln Project will not be intimidated by such empty bluster," attorney Matthew Sanderson blasted in a letter.
The Bernie Sanders Health Plan Is Too Good To Be True, Analyst Says. The Democratic hopeful could be wildly underestimating how much it would cost.
Women No Longer Have To Pick Between A Paycheck And Escaping Abuse In These 2 States. Some good news out of Tuesday's election.
Tyranny Expert Sounds The Alarm On 2024 Election: It’s Happening. Yale history professor Timothy Snyder pointed out the worrying ways the next election could differ from 2020.
What To Know About The Iran Nuclear Deal. A guide to the 2015 international agreement that Donald Trump has plunged into crisis.
The Senate Just Cemented Obama's Judicial Legacy.
Melania Trump On Bringing Up Bill Clinton's Infidelity: 'They're Asking For It'. ”Well, if they bring [up] my past, why not?”
The Continuing History Of The Republican Alternative To Obamacare. Here we go again. And again and again.
Paul Ryan's Tea Party Challenger Plays The Man Card. The speaker of the House has his first serious primary challenge from a motorcycle-riding businessman who wants to arm wrestle.
Trump's New Travel Ban Is A Punch In The Gut For Tens Of Thousands Of Refugees. The plan “will tear refugee families apart," an expert said.
Schumer Pushes FTC Nominee, Signaling Aggressive Approach To Corporate Power. Rohit Chopra is one of the toughest consumer advocates in Washington.
Immigrant Rights Groups Gear Up For Fight Of Their Lives With Nationwide Protest Plan. They'll rally in more than 40 cities against Donald Trump.
Working People Stopped Health Care Repeal. Now, We’re Fighting For Union Rights.. In cities like Seattle and New York, workers have won wage increases and other gains that have given millions of Americans a pathway to a better life.
Anti-Choice Leaders In Colorado Still Angry About Program That's Dropped Teen Abortion Rate By 64 Percent. Colorado officials and pro-abortion advocates are ecstatic over new statistics showing that the teen abortion rate has dropped
Read James Comey's Testimony To The House Oversight Committee. The former FBI director answered the GOP-led committee's questions behind closed doors.
Why I March: From 1963 To Today. We knew on that bridge in Selma that we were staring down a pivotal moment in history. I believe the same is true in 2016.
You Can Now Donate To A Political Candidate Straight Through Twitter. Yet another way to pester you for money.
Republicans Defend Key Witness Who Expressed Concern About Trump's Ukraine Call. “I’m not going to question the patriotism of any of the people coming forward,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday.
Trump Reveals How He Would Force Mexico To Pay For Border Wall. Donald Trump says he will force Mexico to pay for a border wall as president by threatening to cut off the flow of billions
Netanyahu Is Meeting Trump To Push For War With Iran. Let's be clear.
Trump Tweets Support For Iranians While Banning Them From The U.S.. “We stand with the Iranian people so much that we won’t let them come here,” said a former U.S. ambassador to the U.N.
Will Distrust Of Hillary Cause People To Vote Against Their Own Interests?.
Obama In Dallas: 'We Are Not As Divided As We Seem'. Obama said police and civilians could honor the five slain officers by empathizing with each other and rooting out institutional racism.
After Colorado Shooting, Renewed Questions On Gun Violence. The governor of Colorado, where a gunman killed three people and wounded nine others in a rampage at a Planned Parenthood
Paul Ryan Had The Worst Reaction Possible To The Comey Testimony. Did you expect anything less?
Trump Adding Former Lobbyists To Swamp, Giving Them Ethics Waivers. Some new Trump officials are working on policies likely to benefit clients they recently served.
Floyd Mayweather Defended Donald Trump's 'Grab Them' Comments. It Didn't Go Well.. "Floyd Mayweather remains a garbage fire."
Democrats Struggle To Win Over Skeptical Americans On Obamacare.
In Turmoil Or Triumph, Donald Trump Stands Alone. Donald Trump said in an interview that economic conditions are so perilous that the country is headed for a “very massive
States Must Find Way to Do Right by Home Care Workers. When does justice delayed become justice denied? For the nation's 2 million home care workers, that time may be here. But states have the power to rectify the situation, and they should.
Back to the Future in Twenty-First Century Detroit. It was July 1987 and I found myself in a cool, dark, completely packed movie theater, perched on the edge of my seat. The crowd was raucous, the mood electric.
School Dorm In New York City Vandalized With Swastikas. The vandalism comes amid a streak of hate-filled attacks across the country.
Oval Office Press Chaos: 'You Guys Are Getting Worse,' Says Trump. Journalists jostling for photos of Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-In plowed into a table and lamp.
HUFFPOST HILL - Obama Issues Dire, Bored Warning About Russia. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R) signed a bill that will strip his Democratic successor of certain powers ― because sometime
Former Cong. Barney Frank -- Funny, Brilliant, Gay, Liberal and Effective -- Explains It All in His New Autobiography. In his new book, Frank reveals how he decided to come out of the closet as a gay man, the impact that decision had on his political career, and his subsequent efforts to advance LGBT rights.
40 Years Later, Harmful Hyde Policy Continues To Attack Women's Health. What the Hyde Amendment has wrought is inexplicably bad public policy. It's a policy that targets low-income women, limits their health rights and their constitutional rights, and either drives them into poverty or makes it increasingly difficult for them to overcome poverty.
Hillary Clinton Became A Presidential Nominee And The Internet Celebrated In The Best Way. Yassssss, queen.
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority Cancels Whitefish Energy Deal. PREPA's executive director announced the decision Sunday, hours after the U.S. territory's governor called for the contract's termination.
Health Care in the Shadows of Immigration Policy. The question that we wanted to pursue with this line of inquiry is essentially: How many Latinos are "living in the shadows," and among Latinos, who are most likely to be reluctant to step out of the shadows and fully engage in public life?
Senate Advances Judicial Nominee Who Can't Say If Racial Bias Exists In The Justice System. "Absolutely unacceptable, if not offensive," said Sen. Cory Booker.
Infrastructure Advisers Quit, Say Trump’s Actions Threaten Homeland Security. “You failed to denounce the intolerance and violence of hate groups,” the resigning members wrote.
Mitch McConnell Unhappy With Donald Trump's Tweets, Fine With Everything Else. Could it be that the GOP's desire to do tax reform outweighs concerns about a Muslim ban or threats to the judiciary?
Voters Wanna Rumble, And They're Looking For A Bruiser-In-Chief. Sense and the Constitution be damned.
Wanted at the New York Times: A Real Liberal-Left Populist Columnist. The Times has generally failed its readers by failing to include a genuine liberal-populist on its editorial pages who recognizes that the corporatist bent of the Democratic Party over the last generation has contributed to marked social ills alongside the Republicans.
California's Marijuana Legalization Aims To Repair Damage From The War On Drugs. It didn't just legalize weed, the state also enacted one of the most progressive criminal justice reforms in the country.
Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush Fight Over Who Flip-Flopped More. They've both changed the way they talk about a path to citizenship.
The COVID-19 Vaccine Patent Waiver Fight Is Far From Over. The waiver's timing and scope, plus the transfer of technological know-how and development of manufacturing infrastructure, will all be fiercely debated.
Supreme Court Could Give Donald Trump Free Rein To Indefinitely Detain Immigrants. The justices will decide whether immigration laws, or the Constitution itself, prevent non-citizens from being detained for years on end.
A Nebraskan Town's Crisis Of Faith.
Bill Clinton Shares Awkward Puberty Picture For Puerto Rico Relief Campaign. "Big dreams & even bigger hair."
Presidential Hopefuls Woo Labor, But Don't Expect An Endorsement Yet. Seekers of the Democratic nomination -- and, uh, Mike Huckabee -- are trying to win over the AFL-CIO this week.
Ted Cruz ‘Affair’ Rumors Peddled By Marco Rubio’s Allies. The senator accused Donald Trump of planting a National Enquirer sex scandal story. If that’s true, Trump wasn’t the only
Democratic Lawmaker Says Ben Carson Should Admit He's Not Qualified And Withdraw. The retired neurosurgeon is as prepared to be HUD secretary as a pilot who didn't go to flight school, says Rep. Ted Lieu.
Rick Snyder Aides Urged Moving Flint Back To Detroit Water System: Report. The governor's top aides discussed Flint's water quality problems as early as the fall of 2014, the Detroit Free Press and Detroit News reported on Friday.
Poll: Half Of U.S. Women Have A 'Very Unfavorable' View Of Trump. This is up from the 40 percent who felt that way in October.
An Honest Approach To Simplifying Corporate Income Taxes. We can get to a simplified corporate income tax system that raises the same amount of revenue with much less waste.
Bill O'Reilly Calls Vladimir Putin A 'Killer', Donald Trump Says Americans Are Just As Bad. “What do you think? Our country’s so innocent?”
Members of Congress Step Up With Legislation That Solves Chinese EB-5 Retrogression If Passed. While EB-5 has been on the legislative bargaining table for a number of years, the recent development of retrogression conditions makes debate on program reforms all the more urgent.
Infectious Disease Expert Predicts When U.S. Coronavirus Cases Will Again Explode. Michael Osterholm warned a back-to-school surge in COVID-19 “will far surpass what we saw after Memorial Day.”
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Finally Finds Group Of White People Who Don't Like Him. Donald Trump says he may not assume the presidency if he wins this November, but it’s unclear whether his running mate, a
Jeff Sessions Met With Ambassador As U.S.-Russia Tensions Flared. The private talk came as Trump fawned over Putin and just after Obama gave the Russian leader his "death stare" over hacking.
Wisconsin Judge Orders Scott Walker To Call Special Elections He Refused To Allow. Democrats accused the governor of not calling the elections because he was afraid of losing those seats to their party.
Ultra-Conservative Views On Immigration Divide The GOP.
Donald Trump Reveals He Has No Clue What He Wants To Do On Health Care. Just like on pretty much everything else.
Why Is Anti-abortion Extremism Normalized? It Shouldn't Be.. The uniquely violent U.S. context may in essence be a product of our leaders' refusal to recognize and put limits on dangerous hate speech and hate crimes related to abortion.
Jeff Flake Won't Seek Re-Election, Says There 'May Not Be A Place' For Him In Trump's GOP. His departure is a political earthquake for 2018.
North Korea Reminds America That Intervention Isn’t Cheap. Since the lapse of the much derided “Vietnam syndrome,” Americans have come to simultaneously expect cost-free intervention
Trump’s Top Economic Adviser Says Amazon Threats Are ‘Not In My Lane’. Larry Kudlow dodges when asked about the president’s attacks on the retail giant.
Trump To Announce He Will Spend $8 Billion On Wall, Declare National Emergency. Trump plans to bypass Congress and declare a national emergency to siphon billions of dollars for his border wall.
America Hates Native Americans. Apparently, spray tans and non-truths play better than warpaint and ethics.
Dianne Feinstein Urges Government Not To Seek David Petraeus Indictment.
The Social Security Benefits That Sergeant La David Johnson Earned For His Children. Our contributions provide some measure of economic security to the Johnsons.
The Primal Passions Of White Supremacy, Roy Moore And The Battle To Define America. Toward the conclusion of Charles Chesnutt’s great American novel The Marrow of Tradition (1901), at the culmination of his
Syrian Family Reunites In U.S. After 2 Years Apart. Despite Donald Trump's travel ban, these little girls and their parents are together again.
California Moves One Step Closer To Ending Medical Marijuana 'Chaos'.
Trump Details Where His $1 Million In Harvey Donations Will Go. The president will donate to the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army and other relief organizations.
6 Things New Hampshire's Exit Polls Tell Us About This Election. Voters in both parties are polarized and unhappy.
Hillary Clinton Draws On Her Mother's Story Of Resilience In First TV Ads For 2016. "My mom’s life and what she went through are big reasons why standing up for kids and families became such a big part of my life."
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On March 18. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
At the Lord's Beck and Call. While giving a commencement address at Liberty University a week ago, Glenn Beck told the students that he not only had some personal thoughts to deliver, but also a message from God Himself.
EU Officials Urge U.S. To Do More To Help Solve Europe's Refugee Crisis. "No rough sea, no wall, no fence will hinder these people from taking their journey."
Appeals Court Blocks D.C. Gun Law Restricting Concealed Carry. The 2-1 ruling struck down the local government’s third major attempt in 40 years to limit handgun rights.
Wendy Davis: 'I F**king Hate To Lose'. Still, she said that she hasn't been discouraged from taking on uphill battles.
The GOP Targets Entitlements. House and Senate Republicans are committed to cutting entitlement programs and, in so doing, forcing Donald Trump to renege on a crucial promise to his voters.
Netanyahu Reaches Out To Top Democrats.
Donald Trump Sounds Weirdly Sophisticated With A British Accent. English actor Peter Serafinowicz gives him a more refined tone.
Why Is An Anti-Union Group Ringing Workers’ Doorbells In California?. The Freedom Foundation, an organization with ties to the Koch brothers, is moving against the United Domestic Workers union.
Civil Rights Groups Call For Trump To Fire Stephen Miller Over White Nationalism. The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights wrote a letter demanding the senior adviser's firing after emails revealed his alignment with white nationalism.
An Open Letter to My Fellow Millennials on Hillary Clinton. I am not asking anyone to stop supporting Bernie or to give up on him. Please continue supporting him, because it helps to pressure the Democratic party to move to the left. If you want to hold out hope throughout the primary, that is totally understandable. My only wish is that you stop demonizing Secretary Clinton.
Strong Leadership In The White House Requires A Dedication To The Truth. Good policy can only be implemented after truthful discussion and debate.
GOP Taking Anti-Climate Push Abroad. An aide to Mitch McConnell has been informing foreign embassies about GOP plans to oppose Obama's strategy on global warming
Marco Rubio: The U.S. Does Not Need A Federal Education Department. Sorry Arne Duncan.
Democrats Will Insist On 60 Votes For Trump's High Court Nominee. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer laid down a threshold that suggests Democrats are ready to filibuster Neil Gorsuch.
How Volunteers Helped Families Trapped In Immigrant Detention Centers. They didn't want vulnerable women and kids to go through a difficult process alone.
Roy Moore Is Not Innocent Until Proven Guilty. The legal presumption of innocence is not the same as innocence itself.
Scott Walker Endorses Ted Cruz, Says He's In The 'Best Position' To Win GOP Nomination. Walker says he chose Cruz based on his credentials, not just because he believes Cruz can defeat Trump.
Trump's Real Magic Number Is Less Than 1,237. Even before Donald Trump’s big win in New York Tuesday night, the conversations among party officials and high-level operatives
Foxconn In Choppy Waters Over Plan To Drain The Great Lakes. Wisconsin brokered a deal that gives Foxconn billions in incentives to open a factory in the state. But the deal’s legality
Biden Is Sick Of LGBT People Getting Treated Like Second-Class Citizens. "When you speak up, you change the terms of the debate."
Some Of 2016’s Biggest Polls Are Works In Progress. Fifty-state polls are the hot new thing this year, but pollsters admit they’re still learning how to use them.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray Drops Re-Election Bid Amid Sex Abuse Accusations. Four men have accused Murray of sexually abusing them as teenagers.
The Trouble With Tycoons In The White House. Like Hoover before him, the same traits that propelled Trump to the presidency now limit his ability to govern effectively.
Madeleine Albright Congratulates Jen Welter On Becoming First Female NFL Coach. They both know what it's like to be first.
Judge Orders Trump's Voter Fraud Panel To Hand Over Documents To Democratic Member. The decision was a loss for the commission, whose leader dismissed the suit as "baseless and paranoid."
Supreme Court Snubs Neil Gorsuch Right In The Middle Of His Confirmation Hearing. Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee let him know all about it.
Pennsylvania AG's Son Hilariously Photobombs Dad's Live TV Interview. Viewers loved the comic relief.
U.S. Transfers First Guantánamo Detainee Under Trump Administration. Trump pledged during his campaign to repopulate the prison, saying he wanted to “to load it up with some bad dudes.”
Bill Kristol's Tweet Dooms Effort To Thwart Trump At Convention. You fool! You foolish fool!
Donald Trump Sworn In As 45th President. After a surprise election victory, he takes the oath of office from Chief Justice John Roberts.
Trump’s Tax Plan Is Very Good For Trump: $757 Million Over 10 Years. Most of the president's income comes from his “small” businesses, whose rate the proposal slashes dramatically.
USA To Syria: 'Knock Knock'. USA: “Knock knock” Syria: “Who’s there?” USA: “The United States” The sleeping giant is wide awake and just sent a message
Washington Won't Fix Obamacare Costs, So These States Are Doing It Themselves. Alaska and Minnesota are leading the way with big ideas.
Republicans May Be Ready To Redefine Success On Obamacare. Call it a win if they manage to pass their repeal-and-replace bill in the House.
Does The Media Fail To Report Terrorism, As Donald Trump Claims?. There's actually a critique to be made about terrorism coverage, but it's not clear that Trump is making it.
Tired and Poor Need Not Apply: The American Dream Is Not For You. My parents were immigrants. They spoke no English; they had no special skills. And they had a child born two days after they
Melania Trump Rips Vogue 'Bias' For Keeping Her Off The Cover. “They’re biased, and they have likes and dislikes, and it’s so obvious,” the former first lady told Fox News in her first interview since leaving the White House.
Donald Trump Doesn’t Understand Alliances Or Nuclear Weapons. Donald Trump would erode U.S. national security.
D.C. Grapples With Its Own Confederate Statue Controversy After Charlottesville. Marches in D.C. this week took aim at the monument to Albert Pike, a pro-slavery Confederate general.
Alabama Senate Front-Runner: Evolution Is Fake And Homosexuality Should Be Illegal. Former judge Roy Moore says "God's law" should trump man's.
Monica Lewinsky Breaks Decade-Long Silence.
With One Bill, Republicans Fast Track Plan To Undo Obama Regulations. Republicans continue to charge ahead on their campaign to strip down federal regulations.
Governor Recognizes Achievements Of Prison School Graduates. By Christopher Zoukis At a recent graduation in Arkansas, there were no mortarboards and gowns allowed — those could hide
Fox News Forgets Its Own Sexual Harassment Problem And Again Attacks Victims. The network's legal analyst tells Hannity that false reports are common ploys for money.
Arizona Democratic Party HQ 'Completely Destroyed' In Arson Attack. "Our building has been completely ruined," the Maricopa County Democratic Party tweeted of the blaze that ripped through its Phoenix headquarters.
California Legislature Advances 'Sanctuary State' Bill. “We will not stand by and let the federal government use our state and local agencies to separate mothers from their children.”
GOP Gov. Larry Hogan Issues Stark Warning To Fellow Republicans. "We’ve got to get back to reality," the Maryland Republican said of his own party.
Mississippi Gov. Reduces Anti-LGBT Bill Criticism To Being Too Focused On A ‘1980s Rocker’. "Amazing things are happening, but we all seem to be fascinated with a 1980s rocker that canceled a concert."
Reince Priebus Defends Trump Statement On The Holocaust. The president did not specifically mention the Jewish people or anti-Semitism.
Donald Trump Suggests Republican Convention Is In Ohio Because Of Him. The location was announced way before he launched his presidential campaign.
Mitt Romney Wins 'Profile In Courage' Award, For Defying A Party Of Cowards. His transformation from leader to pariah says a lot about the GOP
Two Americans. Two Americans “testified” this week: Bob Dylan and James Comey. Two very different men: a counter-culture Lefty icon and
Farmers Push Back Against Animal Welfare Laws. Consumers increasingly are demanding farmers change the way they raise livestock and poultry. But some farmers are pushing
Chinese-American Scientist Who Was Wrongly Accused Of Spying Gets Job Back. Several Asian-American legislators consider the decision a huge victory.
DACA -- A Gift For Republicans?. If Republicans can pass a legislative fix for DACA, it may well benefit them politically in a number of ways.
We’re Still, Somehow, A Year Away From The Presidential Election. Here's a summary of what's happened so far.
Todd Akin: 'Bad Ideas' Lead People To Slavery And Poverty.
Trump's Already Urging Policy Changes After NYC Terrorist Attack -- Without Waiting For 'The Facts'. For some reason, he couldn't do this after the Las Vegas shooting.
Ex-Playboy Model Who Claims Affair With Trump Says He Made Her Cry. "I was really sad. It really hurt me, but I went back," she tells CNN's Anderson Cooper.
Hillary Clinton Seeks U.S. Presidency -- Three Reasons to Say 'No'. If this force of celebrity star-power and selective memory proves impervious to objective scrutiny and enlightened skepticism, than Hillary Clinton may very well win the next presidential election. In that case, the loser will be America.
Martin O'Malley Explains How He'd Expand Social Security As Progressives Wait On Hillary Clinton. The Democratic Party has shifted to the left on the issue. Will Clinton follow suit?
Donald Trump Slams RNC, Calls Delegate Process A 'Scam' And 'Disgrace'. "These are dirty tricksters! This is a dirty trick."
Martinez's Emails Have Mysteriously Disappeared, Investigators Say.
Supreme Court To Hear Dispute Over California Pregnancy Center Law. The “crisis pregnancy centers” counsel women not to have abortions.
Missing Trump's Danger by a Mile. Trump isn't just a menace to the GOP, he's a menace to our entire political culture.  As the saying goes, "Every time he opens his mouth he subtracts from the sum total of human knowledge."
Court Reverses Rulings In Four States, Upholds Marriage Bans.
HUFFPOST HILL - What's Russian For 'Ah Do Declare?'. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Remember that
James Comey Says He's So Ashamed Of Child Detentions He Talked Of Posing As Canadian. "I am disgusted, I am horrified, I am embarrassed, I’m ashamed."
Undercover Audio Reveals How Anti-Abortion Activists Pursue Patients, Providers.
Most Of Mitt Romney's Biggest Donors Are Sitting Out The Presidential Election. And just 10 percent of them have bothered to give to Donald Trump.
Lindsey Graham Defends John McCain: 'Being Captured Doesn't Mean You're A Loser'. "John is my best friend in politics and one of my best friends in life."
Trump Suggests North Korea May Gift The U.S. A 'Beautiful Vase'. The president dismissed the country's hints at a missile test, saying he "may get a nice present" from Kim Jong Un.
Donald Trump Jr. Gets In A Snit Over Accurate BBC Headline About Ronny Jackson. He can't handle the truth.
Jerry Brown Perks Up On Presidential Politics 35 Years After One of His Best and Most Disastrous Speeches. After winning a landslide re-election as governor of California by a whopping 20 points, the 41-year old Brown set out to take down the president he'd beaten in a string of late presidential primaries in 1976.
Kendrick Lamar And Barack Obama Shared A Powerful Moment At The White House. “Can you believe that we’re both sitting in this Oval Office?”
Jeb Bush Plays Down Speculation That His Campaign Is Doomed. "Blah, blah, blah."
Ivanka On Roy Moore: 'There's A Special Place In Hell' For Child Abusers. Her dad still hasn't weighed in.
So Much for a More Open, Respectful GOP Senate. What shocked me about the debate last night was the way Senate Majority Leader McConnell and the new Republican majority treated their colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Not only did Sen. McConnell go back on his word, he deprived the American people of a critical debate on these important amendments.
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis Appeals Contempt Ruling. The contempt ruling sent her to jail.
Trump’s National Defense Strategy: Something For Everyone (In The Military-Industrial Complex). By Danny Sjursen This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a
How We Got Donald Trump (And How We Might Have Avoided Him). This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
Virginia Supreme Court Rules Against Restoring Voting Rights To 200,000 Ex-Offenders. The court said an order issued by Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in April is unconstitutional.
Christianity's Hijacked Brand. Dear Christians, I’m writing to you today to discuss a very serious matter. Your brand ― and especially the realm of Evangelicalism
Trump Claims Credit For Shock Dem Win In Pennsylvania. Trump claimed he “lifted" GOP candidate Rick Saccone's margin, even though Saccone had been expected to easily win the traditionally red district.
Ryan Zinke Snaps At Heckler During Speech On Energy Dominance. “Our decisions will be guided by our flag and not kneel to anyone,” the Interior secretary forcefully told a protester Friday.
Hillary Clinton Makes Her Final Pitch Of The Election In North Carolina. “It’s not just my name or Donald Trump’s on the ballot — it’s the kind of country we want,” she said.
Convention(al) Wisdom: Why Political Convention Locations And VP Picks Don't Matter. Convention locations and favorite son or daughter vice-presidential candidates do not matter. Shouldn't advisors and pundits stop making political decisions based on myths and start making them on what matters -- the amenities of the host city and the qualifications of the running mate to serve as vice-president, and, if disaster strikes, as president of the United States?
This Is What Happens When Hillary Clinton Crashes A Bachelor Party. The campaign trail has taken Hillary Clinton through coffee shops and bakeries, diners and ice cream parlors, stands at state
Texas Republicans' Platform Of Ignorance.
GOP Admits Obama Judge Count Is More Important Than Fixing Judicial Crises. Republican senators are damaging an entire branch of government, and hiding behind a bogus statistic.
Rand Paul Not Quite Ready To Shut Down Government Over Planned Parenthood. Republican leaders aren't jumping on board with this conservative demand.
Black Infant Deaths Point to Flaw in U.S. Health Care System. When it comes to health disparities the burden is obvious, as a myriad of social and individual risk factors combine to form the disadvantage for blacks. Blacks in the United States have a greater risk of illness, injury, disease and death than other racial and ethnic groups.
Marco Rubio: 'You Can't Live On $10 An Hour'. The Florida senator opposes raising the minimum wage, but he seemed to acknowledge this week that it's nowhere near high enough.
Jerusalem Is Just The Latest Example Of Trump's Nonsensical Foreign Policy. The president's "America first" moves continue to provoke widespread backlash.
Donald Trump's Approval Rating Hits New Low, Poll Finds. The latest NBC News/WSJ poll shows 58% of Americans disapprove of Trump's performance as president.
Ivanka Trump Said Her Dad Cared About Child Care. His Budget Says Otherwise.. The president wants to cut after-school programs that low-income working parents rely on.
Hillary Clinton Hesitates On Expanding Social Security. It was a point of clear contrast with her progressive rival Bernie Sanders.
A Gaggle Of Future Governors Just Had A Great Time In Maui. Where they said "aloha" to lobbyists, lawyers and executives.
Trump Administration Caught In Lie About Campaign Contacts With Russians. Top administration officials have denied that there were any contacts between the campaign and the Russian government.
Bernie Sanders Pushes For Gun Control After San Bernardino Shooting. “We need to significantly expand and improve background checks."
Sasse Making GOP Enemies With Anti-Trump Crusade. Sasse Making GOP Enemies With Anti-Trump Crusade
Coal Interests Prepare To Challenge Obama's Power Plant Rules. Mining companies and allies plan to take legal action against regulations limiting planet-warming emissions.
Fact-Checking The Fourth Democratic Debate. The three Democratic presidential candidates made misleading claims on health care, energy and guns.
Here's What's On The Obamas' Thanksgiving Day Menu. The White House pie game is strong.
Trump Should Resign. The news story of the year has not been Donald Trump; it has been the ”#MeToo” movement, where brave women denounced sexual
Donald Trump Reportedly Getting Debate Prep From Accused Sexual Harasser Roger Ailes. At least 20 women have accused Ailes of sexual harassment.
Healthcare.Gov Will Soon Let Consumers Comparison-Shop Between Plans. The Obamacare website is getting some important updates.
New York To Pay $4.5 Million To Settle Police Killing Lawsuit. The New York City Housing Authority and Officer Peter Liang will pay a combined $425,000 to help settle the lawsuit.
Trump Picks 'Death By China' Author For Trade Advisory Role. Navarro has made a documentary describing Beijing's threat to the U.S. economy.
Donald Trump Says His Supporters Should 'Hit Back' At Protesters More Often. "And that's what we need a little bit more of."
Making Equal Pay Truly Equal. On African-American Women’s Equal Pay Day, and pay day for many of us, we are reminded to continue our fight for equal pay
Is Trouble Brewing for the 2015 NPT Review Conference?. While the five nuclear-armed states recognized by the NPT have focused primarily on non-proliferation, a series of new disarmament initiatives has reinvigorated the debate and mobilized non-nuclear weapon states and civil society groups to bring the longtime vision of a world free of nuclear weapons into reality.
Companies Are Disclosing How Much Less They Pay Workers Than Executives. And some firms seem a little embarrassed.
Diverting Class Warfare Into Generational Warfare: Round LVIII. With the Republicans having just passed a $1.5 trillion tax cut, the bulk of which goes to the richest one percent, it was
Pastor Blasts Trump's 'Shithole' Comments In Front Of Mike Pence. Pastor Maurice Watson asserted that whoever said such "dehumanizing" remarks "ought to be held accountable.”
More Elections Than You'd Think Are Decided By A Coin Toss. To break ties, most states draw straws, pick names from a hat or resort to other games of chance.
Black Americans Lost Money After Buying A Home, Even In Boom Times. Timing mattered in the 2000s -- unless you were black.
Roy Moore Rode In To Vote On A Horse Named 'Sassy'. Yes, this is real.
Trump campaign manager's behavior prompted staff concerns. Corey Lewandowski's temperament and inappropriate comments drew ire at his previous job, too.
News Roundup for September 20, 2017. The news is predictably grim today. 1. Trump used re-election campaign funds and RNC money to pay his legal fees for the
Trump Defends Conservative Media Company After It Orders Anchors To Bash 'Biased' News. Dozens of local news anchors across the country read the same strongly worded script, thanks to Sinclair Broadcasting.
Abolitionists Promote Message of Compassion on 40th Anniversary of Gregg V. Georgia.
Decertifying Iran Deal Would Only Further Prove Rex Tillerson Right: Trump Is A Moron. Iran is sticking to the deal.
Barack Obama Praises Paris Climate Change Agreement. "We've shown what's possible when the world stands as one."
HuffPost Rise: 6 Things You Need To Know On May 2nd. Iraq in tumult, Obama's Trump jokes, and Malia Obama chooses a college: all that and more in the video above.
EPA: Volkswagen Cheated A 2nd Time On Pollution Tests. Yikes.
Virginia Is On The Verge Of Giving Health Coverage To 400,000, But There's A Catch. The price Democrats will have to pay for expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act is a work requirement for beneficiaries.
Donald Trump: The New York Times Is Biased Because 'It's Owned By Mexico'. "A rich guy in Mexico actually has power at The New York Times. I wonder why they don't like us."
Trump Says He Was Surprised By Paul Ryan's Rebuff. WASHINGTON (AP) -- Donald Trump said Friday he was surprised by House Speaker Paul Ryan's rebuff of him as the presumptive
A Starting Point For Understanding More About Our Gun Violence Epidemic. Our friends at The Trace have released a treasure-trove of data which should be used to set a new standard and direction
U.S. Soldiers Quarantined In Italy After Returning From Aiding Ebola Patients.
Donald Trump Literally Nominated The Goldman Sachs Bailout Lawyer To Run The SEC. Will Democrats roll over?
Jared Kushner To Testify Behind Closed Doors About Russia Contacts. He will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday and the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Tuesday.
Key Senate Democrat Says Dems Oppose 'Blank Check' For Islamic State Fight.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Obamacare Hits Highest Favorability Since 2010. New polls show support for the law rising, mostly among independents.
Senate Headed Toward Including Obamacare Mandate Repeal In Tax Bill. Are Republicans shooting themselves in the foot again?
North Carolina Republicans Brace For 'Bathroom Law' Blowback. Republicans in North Carolina are increasingly worried that the state’s new “bathroom law” blocking protections for the LGBT
Donald Trump Uses Textbook Victim-Blaming To Attack Female Reporter. "If you're going to get squeezed, wouldn't you think she would have yelled out a scream or something if she has bruises on her arm?"
Paul Manafort's Indictment Sheds More Light On Pro-Russia Change To GOP Platform. The former Trump campaign chairman is charged with laundering millions from Vladimir Putin's allies in Ukraine.
This Dark Money Group Is Spending Big On Judicial Races, And No One Knows Why. But the group has a history of fronting for big corporations.
Swedish Police Featured In Film Shown By Fox News Say They Were Selectively Edited. ”It was supposed to be about crime in high risk areas... There wasn’t any focus on migration or immigration.”
Seriously. Is the GOP Establishment Failing?. There is a real divergence between establishment and insurgent wings of the party -- they come from different social backgrounds and have widely divergent needs, interests, and policy concerns.
Coronavirus Infects Half Of Incarcerated People At San Quentin Prison. More than 2,000 people incarcerated at the California prison have gotten COVID-19, and 11 have died as advocates call for the governor to release more inmates.
Obama's Big Overtime Reform Just Got Blocked In Court. The injunction delays one of the president's major reforms at a crucial time.
Ex-CIA Director Slams Jared Kushner's 'Hubris' And 'Ignorance'. Kushner's reported actions suggest “we are in a really dark place as a society," Michael Hayden said.
Why I Needed To Hug A Trump Supporter. Yesterday was really hard. I thought I would be waking up to the first female president. Instead when I woke up, a man who
Inside The 2016 Fight For The White Working Class. A pro-Clinton labor group is going after Donald Trump's core demographic in swing states.
Here's Why Donald Trump Gaining On Hillary Clinton Doesn't Mean Much. (Just Breathe.). Mitt Romney saw a spring polling bump, too, in 2012.
Sarah Palin Says She'll Back Paul Ryan's Primary Challenger. The 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee isn't happy with the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee.
Politicians Pay Tribute To Former Senate Leader Harry Reid. Messages of remembrance poured in after the Democratic giant from Nevada died at 82 after a years-long battle with cancer.
Health Care Remains Americans' Top Concern. And more of the latest polling news.
News Roundup for August 17, 2017. We’re still here, and we’ll be back tomorrow. 1. Horror struck Thursday morning in Barcelona when a van drove into pedestrians
Here's What Members Of Congress Would Spend Their Powerball Winnings On. Lots of creativity here for $1.5 billion.
Ex-Trump Aide Goes On Wild Media Spree After Mueller Subpoena. Sam Nunberg told several outlets he’d rather be arrested than comply with the Russia probe. Then reversed his statement Monday evening.
We’re Being Served A Revolution On A Platter; Time To Eat Up. Holy smokes, the last week has been rough. I keep wondering how we went from the first President of color to a Nazi-sympathizer
Rep. Pramila Jayapal, A Leading Progressive, Endorses Bernie Sanders For President. The Washington Democrat, who co-chairs the Congressional Progressive Caucus, is the latest notable left-leaning lawmaker to back the Vermont senator.
White House Denies Report That Trump Said Haitian Immigrants 'All Have AIDS'. He also claimed Nigerian immigrants live "in huts," the New York Times reported.
How SCOTUS Could Cripple Public-Sector Unions On Monday.
The Federal Reserve Gives Donald Trump His First Interest Rate Hike. Trump attacked Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet Yellen on the campaign trail.
Hillary Clinton's Lead Pipe Answer 'Made Me Vomit In My Mouth,' Flint Questioner Says. Neither Clinton nor Bernie Sanders was aggressive on lead pipe removal.
Congress Won't Act On Guns, But It Might Help Mental Health. Two bills to improve psychiatric care are moving through Congress.
Texas Attorney General Booked On Fraud Charges. AUSTIN, Texas, Aug 3 (Reuters) - Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Tea Party Republican, turned himself in on Monday and
Snyder decides against endorsing Trump for president. Gov. Rick Snyder has sidelined himself in the race for president, choosing not to make an endorsement of Republican presidential
As Trumpcare Falters, President Still Hazy On What His Plan Should Do. The president does not seem to understand the health care system he says he wants to overhaul.
Democrats to Sanders: Time to wind it down. Protracted combat with Hillary Clinton threatens to do real damage in a general election against Donald Trump, senators warn
Religious Freedom Law Protects Business Owner Who Fired Trans Woman, Judge Rules. The businessman says allowing one of his employees to express her gender identity "would be violating God’s commands."
GOP Lawmaker Matt Gaetz Slams Haiti: ‘Sheet Metal And Garbage’ Everywhere You Look. The Florida congressman called conditions in Haiti "disgusting."
James Comey Is 'Embarrassed And Ashamed' Of The Republican Party. "What I hope they'll do is ask themselves, Republicans: 'So what will I tell my grandchildren?'"
An Undocumented Teen Gains Asylum With The Help Of His Undocumented Lawyer. The real American dream at work.
Albuquerque Cops Who Shot Homeless Man Will Not Face Federal Charges. DOJ says "there is insufficient evidence to prove that the officers’ uses of deadly force were objectively unreasonable" in the shooting death of James Boyd.
McCain Doesn't Want Trump Attending His Funeral: Reports. The White House has been asked to send Vice President Mike Pence instead.
Trump Is Still Threatening To Pull Out Of NAFTA – Except Maybe He Can’t. Congress approved a law implementing the trade deal, and it is unclear whether Trump can unilaterally undo that.
Hillary’s Parting Gift. Leaving the Javits Center in midtown Manhattan on Tuesday night was a striking scene.  Soaring above us was the magnificent
Kim Davis Released From Jail Before Defiant Crowd. "She loves God, she loves people, she loves her work, and she will not betray any of those three."
What Should We Believe: Marco Rubio Or Math?. Many of us have noted that Marco Rubio has carried out an eerie reprise of George W. Bush’s 2000 strategy, which uses a combination
Darrell Issa: 'We Should Thank' Rudy Giuliani for Questioning Whether Obama Loves America.
Illinois Attorney General Wants U.S. Civil Rights Probe Of Chicago Police. Lisa Madigan asked for a Justice Department investigation to help bring about "systemic change."
Hillary Clinton's Vaunted GOTV Operation May Have Turned Out Trump Voters. A focus on big data over people may have backfired.
Donald Trump’s Agriculture Pick Has Some Serious Ethics Issues, Too. USDA secretary nominee Sonny Perdue's record is raising concerns, but probably won't stall his confirmation.
Julian Assange Fires Back At Google.
Trump Nominee Wants To Keep Agency Now That He'd Get Paid To Run It. As a congressman, Scott Garrett wanted to kill the Export-Import Bank. All of a sudden, he's fine with it.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Americans Have Concerns About Donald Trump’s Lack Of Political Experience. But be careful downplaying his chances too much.
Climate Change Gets Its Due In The Democratic Debate. "The future of the planet is at stake."
Progressive Firebrand Vincent Fort Falls Short In Atlanta Mayoral Race. Fort's populist bid drew attention to challenges facing the city's working class.
And Now For Something Refreshingly Normal: Which Party Will Control The Senate?. Because who wants to read more about the presidential race right now anyways.
States Eye New Way To Dampen Corporate Political Spending.
Conservative House Members Reject Sarah Palin's Call For Impeachment.
California Lawmakers Pass Mandatory Jail Bill Inspired By Stanford Rape Case. The bill now goes to Democratic Governor Jerry Brown for his approval.
Parents Of School Shooting Victims Decry 'Moronic' GOP Platitudes. "For [Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick] to be making those moronic comments? Unacceptable.”
Spell Much? Tweets Go After Twump's Issues With Orthography. In worst possible timing, president's misspellings of "hereby" sandwich his message about fixing American education.
The End Of California's Tampon Tax Could Be Near. "We are being taxed for being born as women."
Here Comes Another Democratic Proposal To Let More Americans Buy Into Medicare. The calls for government-run insurance of some kind are getting louder.
Trevor Noah Reveals What Kim Kardashian And Pete Davidson Can Teach Us About GOP Win. "The Daily Show" host used the rumored celebrity romance to make a point about Republican Glenn Youngkin's surprising victory in the Virginia election.
Kansas Democrat Proudly Wears Support Of Bernie Sanders Group In Unexpectedly Close Race. Republicans seem to be worried.
Obama: 'I Was Pretty Confident About Where I Was Born'. Even if Donald Trump's not.
Senate Republicans Vote To Overturn Internet Privacy Protections. The vote was a victory for internet providers such as AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc, which had strongly opposed the rules.
Pence Is The Latest Trump Official To Be Doing Stuff A President Used To Do. From hugging disaster victims to speaking out for human rights, Trump is outsourcing much of his job.
HuffPost Hosting DNC Debate Jan. 18. The increasingly contested election for the committee's chair comes at the end of February.
Of Course The Republican Party Is Going To War With Itself. A reckoning is coming, but Donald Trump thinks it's already here.
Texas, 12 Other States Push To Block Feds From Enforcing Trans Bathroom Guidance. They claim the Obama administration is misreading federal civil rights laws.
Trump Refuses To Blame Himself For GOP 'Not Getting The Job Done'. The president fingered Senate Republicans for the Obamacare repeal flop.
Biden Says Virginia Race Wasn't Blowback Against Him. President Joe Biden says the Democrats' setbacks in Tuesday's elections underscore that the party needs to “produce for the American people."
Senate Delays Vote On $1.1 Trillion Spending Bill.
Carson's Outrageous Remarks Are Helping, Not Hurting. For a long time, Ben Carson’s campaign team feared that his habit of inflammatory remarks would sink his presidential hopes
White House Won't Say If There's A Recording System In The Oval Office. "I'll try to look under the couches," Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
Former Republican Presidential Candidate Bob Dole Hospitalized. He's been hospitalized since last week due to low blood pressure, his spokeswoman said.
How Obama's 'Brutal' First Job Inspired A New Youth Employment Initiative. Before Obama was president of the United States, he was the president... of milkshakes.
Will We Continue to Make the Same Mistakes on Energy Policy?. Of course, in Washington, following the money is always a sound principle for explaining repetition of failed policy.
Acknowledging Our Shared History.
'It's Over,' Donald Trump Says, Eyeing Victory In Indiana. "It's already over," the GOP presidential hopeful proclaimed.
These Are The Real-Life Effects Of Trump's Obamacare Sabotage. A new study predicts premiums going up by 18 percent and millions of Americans losing their coverage.
Chuck Grassley Introduces Donald Trump At Rally, But Does Not Endorse. Grassley has said he won't be making any endorsements ahead of the Iowa caucuses.
Susan Collins: 'I Do Not Believe' Kavanaugh Would Repeal Roe v. Wade. Brett Kavanaugh has previously said the Supreme Court "can always overturn" the ruling that made abortion legal throughout the U.S.
Hillary Clinton: I Feared 'Losing My Identity' By Marrying Bill. "I actually turned him down twice when he asked me to marry him."
Trump Mocked For Posting Campaign Ad 7 Weeks After Losing Election. The tagline is “Trump: He’s What’s For America,” a riff on the beef industry’s “Beef: It’s What’s For Dinner” slogan.
Why Hillary Clinton is moving left on every issue except Israel - Opinion. From immigration to campaign finance reform to criminal justice, Hillary Clinton’s campaign strategy is clear: Move to Barack
Planned Parenthood Reveals New Details On Cecile Richards' Departure. Journalist Anna Quindlen is leading the search for Richards' replacement.
Trump Has Never Met Or Spoken To The Only Economist On His Economic Advisory Team. This seems slightly problematic.
Drone Papers Reveal Weak Links In The Kill Chain. You may have heard that every drone strike begins with solid intelligence and strict oversight. Not so much!
Republicans Still Don't Get Trump. Conservative establishment will never figure this out unless they start talking honestly about their base and race
FDA Approves Nasal-Spray Version Of Overdose Drug Naloxone. Advocates have already been using the drug.
Obama To Hecklers: 'Get Your Own Rally'. 🔥🔥🔥
The Ivy League Has An Unexpected Friend In Donald Trump. Their graduate students are trying to unionize. The president may have already stopped them.
The Supreme Court Had A Landmark Year. Here Are Its Greatest Hits.. And some sorry stumbles.
Trump's Midnight Twitter Scream Causes 3 Honest Words To Trend In Response. The president's latest election lie got an instant fact check.
Latino Voters May Be Turning Against The GOP. A new poll shows their antipathy toward Donald Trump spreading to the rest of the party.
Hillary Clinton's Old Campaign Twitter Springs Back To Life To Troll Trump. It was the first message from @TheBriefing2016 since Nov. 7.
4th of July: They've Got the Con. While we are having fun laughing and making memories, men and women across the world will be protecting us. They will be standing watch, making rounds, sitting at a desk waiting for a phone to ring. They will be armed, they will be alert and they will be silently waiting for someone to make a wrong move.
Tennessee Governor Skeptical Of Anti-Transgender Bathroom Bill. "Personally, I am not hearing about problems out in the districts," Gov. Bill Haslam said.
Sean Spicer Dismisses Oprah Winfrey Presidential Run Because Of Inexperience. Spicer said without irony that people without a politics background "have had a difficult time adjusting” to higher office.
Bernie Sanders Pulls Closer To Hillary Clinton In New Presidential Poll. He's gained ground since July.
Gun Control Attitudes May Not Have Changed Much Despite Recent Mass Shootings. America remains split on whether lawmakers should try to take action to reduce massacres.
New York Law Blocks Judges From Practicing Medicine From The Bench. "It's taken so long for this commonsense decision to be made."
Planned Parenthood Sues Anti-Abortion Group Behind Undercover Videos. The provider called the series of videos an "elaborate, illegal conspiracy in order to block women’s access to safe and legal abortion."
A Lot Of People In Mississippi Are Confused About The State's Education Standards.
An Actual Nazi Is About To Be The Only GOP Candidate In A Congressional Race. The Holocaust denier has no primary opponents.
The U.S. Is Driving Less And Still Building More Highways. Makes sense, right?
North Carolina Agrees 'Bathroom Bill' Is Hurting The State's Reputation. And it's dragging down the Republican governor's reelection chances.
Republicans Are Twisting Themselves Into Pretzels To Defend Donald Trump. His racist attacks? He'll change. He said it, not me. He just got emotional. Gotta go!
Former EPA Head Says White House Budget An 'Attack' On Agency And Science. The proposed cuts would be "devastating for the agency’s ability to protect public health,” Gina McCarthy told MSNBC.
Congresswoman Brings Bullet That Nearly Killed Her To House Sit-In. Jackie Speier showed her colleagues a dumdum bullet that was lodged in her body after a mass shooting.
The Coming War With Iran?. Iran has loomed as the primary bogeyman of the Trump crowd.
Trump Wants To Give Ryan Zinke The Power To Approve Pipelines In National Parks. Obtaining congressional approval is "time consuming," the administration's infrastructure plan states. So the president wants to defer to his Interior Secretary.
Newspaper's 'Asinine' Endorsement Of Republican Cory Gardner.
Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling Says This Will Be His Last Term In Congress. Yet another Republican announces they won't seek re-election.
Conservatives Go on Offense Against IRS, RINOs, Executive Orders. They Winning or Whining?. Insurgents this week are pushing for regime change... in the U.S.. Is ISSA our ISIS -- and Lois Lerner really Nixon? Lowry and Alter clash whether the IRS is a true scandal or not even a "smidgeon" of one.
Oregon Governor Asks For Ethics Review Of Fiancée's Consulting Contracts.
Must-Pass Congressional Spending Bill Includes 2,500 Visas For Afghan Interpreters. The visas would revive a stalled State Department program for Afghan interpreters who risked their lives to help American troops.
Reluctant Republicans Edge Closer To Taking Zika Action. Sort Of.. But most still don't see the mosquito-borne virus as a crisis.
McCain: Trump could be a 'capable leader'. Sen. John McCain said in an interview aired Sunday he believes Donald Trump “could be a capable leader” and reiterated his
Sean Hannity Fails Badly In 'No Petty Political Disagreements' Pledge. Promises, promises.
Schumer: Trump Should Nominate Someone Else If Dems Won't Confirm Gorsuch. The "nuclear option" isn't the only way to go, he said.
Roy Moore Accuser Writes Powerful Open Letter: 'Where Does Your Immorality End?'. Leigh Corfman asked the Alabama Senate candidate to stop calling her a liar.
GOP Infighting Explodes Into Open Over Stalled Legislative Agenda. Republicans did few things but fight this week.
Indiana Mayor Considering DNC Run Felt The Bern 16 Years Before It Was Cool. South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg penned a "profile in courage" essay as a high school student that celebrated Sanders.
Trump Admin Plans To Impose 20 Percent Duties On Canadian Softwood Lumber. The move escalates a long-running trade dispute between the two countries.
Identity Politics – Considering A Few More Points. I recently wrote a critique of the Marxists (and key Democratic Party strategists) who dismiss national liberation and gender
Senate Slaps New Sanctions On Russia; Putin Vows Retaliation. The Senate backed the measure by a margin of 98-2.
Trump's Budget Cuts Millions Of Dollars From Gun Background Check System. This would "significantly undermine" efforts to keep firearms out of dangerous hands, gun control advocates say.
It Will Take More Than Comey’s Testimony To Sink Trump. This is hardly Nixonian Watergate stuff.
Alan Dershowitz Denies Sexual Assault Allegations.
These Republicans Aren't Sure What Motivated A White Guy To Kill 9 Black Churchgoers.
GOP Risks Alienating Latino Voters With Right Turn On Immigration. Republicans thought they had learned a lesson after 2012: Turning off Latino voters ensures defeat in the general election
Trump's Vegas Hotel Settles Union-Busting Allegations. But no, Trump never settles.
Obama Is Set To Deliver On One Promise For Syrian Refugees. The U.S. is on track to resettle 10,000 this fiscal year.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Suggests Trump 'Weighed In On' Son’s Response To Russia Meeting. She claimed "any father would."
Judge Reminds Anti-Abortion Corporation It Is Not A Person, Cannot Plead The Fifth. California judge says the group cannot decline to testify in a lawsuit against Planned Parenthood.
Head Of U.S. Forest Service Steps Down Amid Sexual Misconduct Investigation. "The right leadership must be in place to create an atmosphere in which employees can perform their very best work.”
Pee for Your Food Stamps! (So Why Stop There?). Some states make the needy jump through hoops. For their own good, of course...
After Same-Sex Marriage Ruling, States Reconsider Domestic Partner Benefits. Many in the gay rights community say keeping domestic partner benefits would continue to benefit some in the gay community as well as other non-traditional families.
Trump's Job Loss Exaggeration. New York lost jobs, as did many states during the Great Recession. But the losses weren't even the worst in the region.
Pat Toomey Defeats Democrat Katie McGinty To Keep His Pennsylvania Senate Seat. This was the most expensive Senate race in U.S. history.
The Paradox Of A Superb Military That Never Gets The Job Done. What happens when a few volunteer and the rest just watch the American military system dissected.
Sandy Hook Families Win Another Victory In Court. Judge orders gun manufacturers to release internal documents on how they market guns.
Investigator In Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Resigns.
Scott Pruitt Cancels Israel Trip Amid Backlash Over Travel Expenses. The EPA head's habit of flying business or first class sparked outrage from some government ethics groups last week.
Donald Trump Demands Special Investigator For Clinton, Watchers On Election Day. The candidate also made an appeal to black voters, saying, "What the hell do you have to lose?"
MARRIAGE EQUALITY: It's a Beautiful Thing When Democracy Prevails. The LGBT community waged a brilliant strategic campaign and won a well-deserved victory in America this week. May their win be a blessing on all citizens whose lives will improve because of this expansion of their democratic freedoms, and an inspiration to all of us for the work that still lies ahead.
El Paso Is Fighting To Reclaim The Border’s Soul. For the first time since 9/11, local leaders from both sides of the border ran side by side.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Demands Northam's Resignation: This Is 'Painful'. The congresswoman called his actions "painful + eroding to American society."
Trump Judicial Nominee Refuses To Say If She Agrees With Desegregated Schools. President Donald Trump nominated Wendy Vitter to be a federal judge in the Eastern District of Louisiana.
Elizabeth Warren Is 'Still Cheering Bernie On'. ‘‘He’s out there. He fights from the heart."
Trump Surrogate Shot Down While Trying To Spin On Sexual Assault Claims. The claims are not simply "she said, he said," CNN's Jake Tapper pointed out.
Eric Trump Gets Mercilessly Mocked On Twitter Over New Magazine. "I prefer Charmin but in a pinch Trump magazine would work!"
Trump Attacks Justice Department As 'Deep State,' Calls For Jailing Top Clinton Aide. New year, old rant.
Blank Check for Government Intrusion? North Dakota's Amendment One Is Disguised Personhood Law. The "Life Begins at Conception" Amendment is first and foremost intended to criminalize all abortions, at any stage:  removing American women's Constitutionally-protected reproductive rights. Do they admit this? Usually not.  But in a moment of candor...
They Found Love In A Sanders Place. There's a new dating site for Bernie fans.
As Kelo Turns 10, Meet the New Victims of Eminent Domain. If the government can take land from Bill Tong, Garrick Beil and the homeowners in New London, Connecticut, the same thing can and will continue to happen to other property owners across the county.
Cesar Sayoc Identified As Mail Bomb Suspect. The 56-year-old South Florida man was arrested Friday in connection with more than 10 likely pipe bombs mailed to people critical of President Donald Trump.
Presidential Hopefuls Ham It Up At Iowa State Fair. Just another day at the fair!
Hard-To-Find Trump/Comey Recording Gets 8.3 From Pitchfork. "Full of tension and sadness"
Sanders Calls DNC Leak 'Outrageous,' Calls For New DNC Chair. The Vermont senator soon got his wish.
Tennessee House Approves Bill To Make Bible Official State Book.
Ferguson and the 'Us vs. Them' Illusion. What matters here is not the fixing of personal blame (or lack thereof), but the acknowledgment of systemic and historic wrong of monumental proportions and -- at long, long last -- a momentum of social healing that doesn't end prematurely.
A Bipartisan Health Care Fix? Governors Have Some Ideas. One area of agreement: The federal government should continue to help needy Americans pay for their health insurance. By
Sen. Claire McCaskill Chastises Hillary Clinton: Be 'More Careful' When Talking About Trump Voters. The Missouri senator, who is seeking re-election in November, urged Clinton to "show respect to every American voter."
States Receive Grants To Lower Costs Of AP Tests. Without the grants, some tests cost nearly $100.
Protesters Arrested For Interrupting Hearing Over Health Care Changes In GOP Tax Plan. "Don't kill us; kill the bill."
Ginsburg Says Supreme Court 'A Paler Place' Without Her Dear Friend Scalia. She said her former colleague was "possessed of a rare talent for making even the most somber judge smile."
Supreme Court Tells North Carolina To Hold Off On Redrawing Congressional Map. A lower court said GOP lawmakers had drawn a map benefiting their party so much that it violated the Constitution.
Elizabeth Esty Midterm Election Results: Esty Defeats Republican Mark Greenberg.
Man Who Attacked GOP Politicians Was A Bernie Supporter With A Violent History. James Hodgkinson regularly weighed in on political issues on social media.
Cory Booker, Likely 2020 Contender, Says He Supports Green New Deal. He joins Sen. Bernie Sanders in backing the plan to combat climate change, and becomes the second likely presidential candidate to do so.
California Lawmakers Want To Teach Students How To Spot Fake News. The bills would develop new "media literacy" standards in schools.
Sanders, Clinton Call Out Trump For Failing To Correct Anti-Muslim Questioner. "Let’s stop the racism. Let’s stop the xenophobia."
Senators Took Donations From Lobbyists Representing Pro-Keystone Alberta Government.
Solving the Border Crisis: America Should Build a Giant Wall Around Offshore Bank Accounts. I feel compassion for poor people from crappy countries trying to sneak into the U.S. with the honorable goal of working and making a little money for their family. I have less compassion for rich weasels sneaking their money out of the U.S. with the crappy goal of hiding a lot of extra money from their ex-wives.
Ohio Pushes Back Against Mike Pence's 'False' Health Care Claims. "That's what we call #fakenews," Gov. John Kasich's spokesman said.
GOP Donors, Eager To Defeat Donald Trump, Learn To Love Ted Cruz. Nestled in the neo-Georgian sanctuary of the Knickerbocker Club, one of New York’s oldest and fustiest social establishments
The Primary Horserace Explained Using Actual Horses. See which candidates lead the pack for their party’s nomination, look up election dates and watch live updates on election
Social Security Continues To Lift An Enormous Number Of People Out Of Poverty. The social insurance program spares more than 22 million Americans from deprivation, according to a new report.
Rubio Backer Praises Him For Vote He Actually Missed. The senator's supporters are now just making up accomplishments.
The Shooting Gallery. Guards inside prisons shouldn't have guns. That's pretty much an accepted fact. Except in Nevada—and the results are mayhem and death.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Hillary Clinton Won A Bigger-Than-Expected Victory In California. Polls didn’t indicate she had such a large lead, but the AP’s Monday night call could have affected the race.
GOP-Led House Panel Ends Its Russia Probe By Claiming To Clear Trump. The document, which Democrats say is politically tainted, also repeatedly criticizes Hillary Clinton.
Obama's Most Adorable Moments Are The Ones He Shares With Kids. He made a lot of pint-sized friends.
Trump Briefly Admits To Making Something Up, Then Changes His Mind. Sigh.
One Of The Nation's Poorest Districts Has Found A Way To Help Immigrant Students. Schools are under federal pressure to translate for immigrant families. Here's how one of America's poorest school districts is trying to find a solution.
Relief, Bitterness And Frustration: Another Year Of Obamacare Enrollment. Shopping for health insurance has always been a pain. Obamacare's problems and Trump's sabotage made it worse this year.
How Scalia's Death Will Change The Supreme Court, America, And The Planet. The death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a sad and tragic event for his loved ones, including 28 grandchildren
Woman Says Trump Sexually Assaulted Her, Offered Her $10,000 For Sex. Jessica Drake said Trump kissed her and her friends without permission and offered her money to spend the night with him.
Dakota Pipeline Protesters Dangle From Rafters At Vikings' Game. The unfurled "Divest" banner was a message for stadium sponsor U.S. Bank.
Mueller Adds Former DOJ Lawyer With White Collar Crime Expertise. “It’s an indication that the investigation is going to extend well into 2018."
Federal Judge Blocks Major Fracking Rule, Calling It 'Contrary To Law'. A rule advanced by the Obama administration was intended to regulate fracking on public and tribal lands.
Hillary Clinton Reportedly Kept An Adviser Accused Of Sexual Harassment On The Payroll. Clinton's 2008 campaign manager apparently advised the candidate to fire Burns Strider, but she didn't.
No Wall, No Embassy Move, And, Oh Yeah, We’re Staying In Afghanistan. Trump adds continuation of Afghanistan war to his growing list of broken promises.
Watch Anthony Weiner Discover He's Not Going To Be New York's Mayor. There was about as much pain and anguish as you could imagine.
Trump's New Campaign Manager Is Gambling It All On The 'Shy Trump Voter' Theory. If Kellyanne Conway is right, then Donald Trump doesn't need Kellyanne Conway's help.
L.A. Prosecutors File Criminal Charges Against Gas Company Over Methane Leak. More than 20 private lawsuits have been filed on behalf of some of those residents.
Trump Ranted About Kneeling NFL Players. Obama Praised 'Their Right' To Protest.. Trump's denunciation of protesting athletes contrasts with Obama's nuanced view.
Paul Ryan: Republicans Need To 'Pay Attention' To Democrats' Big Special Election Win. In Wisconsin, Democrat Patty Schachtner won a state Senate race in a district that Donald Trump handily won in 2016.
A Year Later, Father Of Slain Reporter Calls Out 'Treasonous GOP' For Inaction On Gun Violence. "The NRA still controls too many politicians. There is no new meaningful common-sense gun legislation."
Even Glenn Beck Is Comparing Donald Trump To Hitler. "Donald Trump is a dangerous man with the things that he has been saying."
GOP Congressman Who's Leading Probe Of FBI Director Was Raving About Him Last Month. James Comey is "a man of integrity" and "the definitive person" to review Clinton emails, Rep. Jason Chaffetz said.
Will Arizona's Off-Label Drug Law Spur Changes Elsewhere?. Arizona became the first state to allow drugmakers to promote off-label uses of their drugs. Will other states follow, and
#FireKline: Congressman John Kline Advances to 'Flippable Four' in Bill Maher's #FlipADistrict Campaign. Maher has been calling on viewers to nominate and vote for the worst members of Congress for his #FlipADistrict Campaign. Once a "winner" is chosen on September 12, Maher plans to throw that member of Congress into the national spotlight and help oust them from office.
Why We Cannot Let Swift Justice Become Trump Justice. We’re several hundred years overdue in enforcing tangible consequences for men who get their kicks from sexually harassing
Jeb Bush Says Rival Marco Rubio Has 'Given Up'. "And I think that's the wrong thing to do."
HUFFPOST HILL - Joni Ernst Loses Timid Postman/Census Taker Vote.
Powerful Video Reminds Us That Mass Shootings Can Happen Anywhere. "Speaking Is Difficult" juxtaposes the sites of mass shootings with the audio of 911 calls.
GOP Senator Says He's 'Never Seen' Mike Pence Angrier At Trump. Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma shared a conversation with the vice president and quoted Pence as saying: "After all the things I’ve done for" Trump.
Permanent White House Staff On Edge About The 2016 Presidential Race. Think you’re anxious about the prospect of a Donald J. Trump presidency? Meet the staffers who would have to work for him
Trump Vows Crackdown On Immigrants Who Overstay Visas If Elected. “If we don’t enforce visa expiration dates, then we have an open border."
The Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program Is What's Best About America. Cutting the program signals to our young people, and the world, how we view public service.
Blaming Judges Is 'Corrosive,' Says A Judge Who Ruled Against Trump. “It’s easy to blame the referee when you don’t like the result,” Judge Richard Clifton of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said.
Media Heroes Rescue Veterans' Charity Money From Scam Artist. A praise chorus.
GOP Lawmaker: Planned Parenthood Is Worse Than ISIS.
Late Shift In Key States Helped Elect Trump, Report Finds. Voters who made up their minds in the final week helped to throw off swing state polls.
In Trump's America, We Must All Become Journalists. It is clearly Donald Trump’s intent to degrade and debase the American news media in the eyes of the public.
Trump To Donate $1 Million To Hurricane Harvey Relief Funds. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says the support comes from Trump's "personal money."
Why More Americans Are Getting Paid Sick Days. Trump promised to help workers, but it’s new state and local laws that are actually making a difference.
Marco Rubio Defends Democratic Colleague Over Misleading Fox News Report. But then Trump weighs in.
Thursday's Morning Email: Three Injured In Elementary School Shooting. The teenage shooter killed his father before showing up at the elementary school.
Trump Withdraws U.S. From UN Migrant And Refugee Compact. The pact’s “global approach” was “simply not compatible with U.S. sovereignty,” said Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the UN.
Introducing Louie Gohmert's Head-Turning Theory On Gay Marriage, Nazis And Jews.
How The Criminal Justice System Is Failing Victims Of Domestic Violence.
Nancy Pelosi: Trump's State Of The Union Date Remains Uncertain. It is unlikely the speech will be delivered Tuesday, even though the government is reopening.
Hillary Clinton Launches First General Election Campaign Ad. “Do we help each other? Do we respect each other? Do we stand together?”
Trump Lawyer Insists In Planned Senate Testimony He Never Colluded With Russia. After Michael Cohen released that statement publicly, the Intelligence Committee canceled the Tuesday hearing.
Owning An Assault Weapon Is No Longer A Fundamental Right -- For Now. An appeals court wiped out an earlier ruling that was seen as a boost to gun rights advocates.
Despite Growing Support For Marijuana, Legalization Faces Rocky Road. This year, Vermont came close to becoming the first state to legalize recreational marijuana through the Legislature. Other
Trump Hands Putin An Easy Victory On Russian Election Interference. It appears that Trump did indeed raise the subject but fell far short of “confronting” Putin with it.
Even Liberal Enclaves Are Susceptible To Hate. Places like Portland have much to learn from this tragedy.
Life Under Trumpcare 'Would Be Terrifying': Stories From The Front Lines Of Health Care. Five people in rural America, from a midwife to an executive, talk about the damage they fear from the Senate bill.
Carly Fiorina Advises Nonprofit That Promoted Obamacare Enrollment. The GOP presidential candidate would still like to repeal the law.
Trump's Crackdown On Immigrant Parents Puts More Kids In An Already Strained System. Last month a Health and Human Services official revealed the government was unable to locate nearly 1,500 children who had been released from its custody.
Abortion Protesters Target School: 'They Kill Babies Nearby! Tell Your Parents To Stop Them'. One alleged protester spent five years in prison over plot to blow up a women's health clinic.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Why Ted Cruz Could Win A Contested Convention. He likely has strong support among his party's delegates.
Ford Executives Condemn Donald Trump’s Immigration Ban. More companies are speaking out against the restrictions President Donald Trump issued on Friday.
Tom Vilsack Eats Whole Grain Pasta, Wants Your Children To Eat It. Congress needs to re-up the National School Lunch Program but doesn't want to eat its veggies.
Down Goes Donald! The New Yorker Depicts Clinton’s Legendary Knockout. “A right-hand shot, a right-hand shot on the chin."
Matt Damon Recruits NASA To Simulate Life On Mars. He turned to the space agency for help with his new film "The Martian."
Donald Trump Attacks Judge Who Stalled Immigration Order: 'If Something Happens Blame Him'. The president continues to flout the separation of powers.
Greg Abbott Keeps Strong Lead In Governor's Race.
HUFFPOST HILL - Wow, Trump's First Two Years Went By Fast. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The March For
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On August 26th. Donald Trump’s campaign chief is under scrutiny and Ryan Lochte is in big trouble in Brazil. All that and more in the video
Friday Talking Points -- Spinning Straw (Polls) Into Gold. It's one of those rare weeks in Washington where Congress deigns to actually do their job and vote on some stuff... before lapsing back into their default status, which is of course: "taking weeks and weeks off, on vacation."
Texas Activists Occupy Governor's Office To Stop Immigration Crackdown Bill. They vow to stay unless Gov. Greg Abbott agrees to veto a measure punishing "sanctuary" cities.
ACLU Files Lawsuit Against North Carolina Anti-LGBT Law. The law blocks cities and counties from passing protections against LGBT discrimination.
The Second GOP Debate: It's Finally Time To Whack The Trump Piñata. And it's going to be a doozy.
Former Rep. Barney Frank: Justice Scalia Is A Homophobe.
Donald Trump Still Won't Say If He'll Accept Election Results. "Don't worry about it."
Texas Sheriff’s Report Reveals More Details On Supreme Court Justice Scalia’s Death. A Texas sheriff’s department released an incident report late Tuesday that revealed new details of the discovery of Supreme
Current and Incoming Republican Senators Set Out Pro-Corporate Agenda For Next Congress.
Big Win For Gay Rights.
Marco Rubio Wants More Anti-ISIS Propaganda. "We videotape the operations, we publicize them, because this is a group that heavily uses propaganda to attract fighters and donors."
U.S. Nuclear Power Stations Targeted By Hackers, Government Report Says. The FBI and DHS have said there is "no indication of a threat to public safety."
Sean Spicer Insists The White House Didn't Mislead Anyone About Location Of U.S. Ships. “The president said that we have an armada going towards the peninsula. That’s a fact, it happened. ... It is happening, rather."
The 'Afghan Trap' Will Ensnare Trump Like It Did With His Predecessors. The new strategy that President Trump plans to implement is very risky.
How Paul Ryan Won Over Every House Republican (Except For One). Conservatives complained about the speaker for a year. Then they all voted for him.
GOP State Senator Thinks Laws Created To Help Women Make Them 'Look Weaker'. "I think sometimes when we legislate to help women, we actually aren’t helping them," Minn. state Sen. Karin Housley said.
Whistleblowers Have a Human Right to a Public Interest Defense, And Hacktivists Do, Too. The free flow of information is necessary for a democratic society, and this flow cannot be purely in the hands of government. This is why the rights to expression and a free and open press are among the most widely recognized rights on earth.
Uncommitted GOP Delegates Are About To Become The New Political 'It Girls'. In 1976, the last time there was a contested GOP convention, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan gave these folks constant attention.
The Palin Family Allegedly Got Into A Messy Brawl In Alaska.
Were They Killed Or Murdered?. Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com I first “met” Noam Chomsky in 1969 by reading these words of his about the My Lai massacre
Presidential Debate Ignores Climate Change ... Again. It's not like the future of humanity is at stake or anything.
Read Live Updates On The Looming Government Shutdown. Buckle up, this could be a late night.
The Island States Of America: American Democracy At Risk?. For more than a decade now, much has been written about the increasing polarization and the tremendous philosophical and
Anti-Donald Trump Protests Gain Strength Days After Election. People say they're willing to keep it up for the next four years.
Missouri Lawmakers Propose An Intern Dress Code To Stop Colleagues From Harassing Students. "We need a good, modest, conservative dress code for both the males and females."
Elizabeth Warren Makes A Pitch For Democratic Women.
Top LGBT Group Wants Congress To Investigate Drug Company That Proposed Massive Price Hike. The backlash against Turing Pharmaceuticals isn't over.
It's Good To Be King (Trump). The king and his retinue have departed the nation’s capital and arrived at their royal vacation retreat, Castle Mar-a-Lago
Mike Pence Won't Say If Donald Trump's Attacks On The Media Will Stop. The president called for an end to "trivial fights" on Tuesday.
Megyn Kelly On Donald Trump: 'I Certainly Will Not Apologize For Doing Good Journalism'. "Mr. Trump did interviews over the week that attacked me personally. I've decided not to respond."
One Of Donald Trump's California Delegates Is A White Nationalist. Donald Trump, the newly-minted presumptive Republican nominee, has waded into familiar territory once more: Controversy.
‘Photoshop Battle’ Over Donald Trump Baseball Bat Photo Is A Home Run. The picture of the president wielding the bat during a White House event got the treatment on Reddit.
Human Rights Watch Calls For U.S. Torture Prosecutions. "Very real danger" that Obama's successor will try to reinstate torture if this administration does not act.
Report: White House Doctor Ronny Jackson Will Not Withdraw VA Secretary Nomination. The embattled Veteran Affairs nominee will fight allegations of past unprofessional conduct, a White House official said.
Staff Of The Center For American Progress Unionizes. Management at the prominent liberal think tank voluntarily recognized the union and will start bargaining.
White House Confirms Death Of ISIS Hostage.
Texas' Strict Voter ID Law Will Get One Last Showdown Before The Election. An appeals court will decide whether the law gets to stay on the books for the presidential election.
CEOs Must Take A Stand On Donald Trump Or Pay The Price. The immigration ban proved that U.S. companies can no longer take a wishy-washy stance on politics.
The One Big Issue Antonin Scalia Consistently Got Right. "You know these deep-dish pizzas -- it's not pizza. It's very good, but ... call it tomato pie or something."
Trump Has A History Of Being Cocky And Unprepared Under Oath. That sounds good for special counsel Robert Mueller and bad for the president’s lawyers.
GOP establishment creeps toward Cruz. 'Ted is the only possibility to stop Trump,' says a Bush loyalist.
George W. Bush's Daughter Barbara To Headline Planned Parenthood Fundraiser. She previously called Planned Parenthood an "exceptional organization."
White House Press Secretary: Golf Is Not OK While U.S. Mourns  (Trump Exempt). Kayleigh McEnany was talking about Barack Obama, not Donald Trump. And she was referring to the death of journalist Daniel Pearl in 2002, when Obama was an Illinois state senator.
Friday's Morning Email: Finally.. Hillary Clinton accepts the nomination and breaks yet another glass ceiling.
Trump Voter Fraud Probe Creating A 'Treasure Trove' For Hackers, Security Experts Say. A huge database of personal information "is an extremely attractive target for cyberattacks."
House Republicans Vote To Block Military From Using Bases To Temporarily Shelter Immigrant Kids. A county commissioner in Alabama already told the government the children are "not welcome" there.
Obama Responds To Charlottesville Violence With A Quote From Nelson Mandela. President Donald Trump had mentioned Obama in a statement about the protests.
Dinosaurs March On White House To Save National Service From Extinction. "Rawr!"
FBI Probed Whether Trump Was Working For Russia After Comey Firing: Report. Law enforcement officials launched an investigation into whether the president was secretly working on Russia's behalf, according to The New York Times.
The Wildcatters’ Blog: Nothing New In Utah’s Evan McMullin Spoiler. The WIldcatters’ blog is written by Kirby Goidel (Professor of Mass Communication, Texas A&M University) and Keith Gaddie
Ben Carson Officially Announces Run For President In 2016.
The Media Covered U.S. Policy On Egypt Objectively. But There’s A Catch. | The Knife Media. (The Knife Media) The ratings for this story were higher than most stories we’ve analyzed on U.S. politics or policy since
Clinton Adviser Sidney Blumenthal Will Testify To Benghazi Committee.
How SEC Chair Mary Jo White Gave Congolese Warlords Some Unexpected Help. Finally, some good news for brutal militias.
A Hard-Right Republican And A Progressive Debated. It Went As Well As You'd Expect.. Josh Mandel and Morgan Harper, running for Senate from opposite ends of the political spectrum, debated in Columbus. A moment for consensus it was not.
Black Unemployment Spikes, Complicating Trump’s State Of The Union Boast. “African-American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded,” the president said to applause.
Trump Campaign Files New Petition With Supreme Court To Overturn Pa. Election Results. The new case is at least the fourth involving Pennsylvania that Trump’s campaign or Republican allies have taken to the Supreme Court.
Here's How Trump Could Try To Stop Companies From Offshoring Jobs. Without calling every one of them personally, that is.
They Voted For Trump. Now, They Say He's Already Broken His Education Promise. Trump promised to repeal Common Core. These parents don’t plan to let him forget it.
White House Forced To Admit To Multiple Trump Lies. The President of the United States of America is a pathological liar. The White House was forced to essentially admit that
Clinton 2016 Coverage Is A Wild Ride On The Signal-To-Noise Rollercoaster.
Ben Carson's Camp Wants Debates To Have 140 Minutes Of Opening And Closing Statements. It would take the debate out of debating!
All The Best Euphemisms Used By Journalists For 'Sex Workers Peeing On Each Other'. What is this allegation against Trump and when did you hear the media describe it clearly?
Remember WWII? Scapegoating Was The Wrong Answer Then, Too.. We asked Japanese-Americans, some of whom were in prison camps, to reflect on Donald Trump.
Stymied (And Appalled). I have written extensively about "Trumpism" and the anger, fear, and deep trauma of the group of voters who propelled Trump onto the national stage. But I assumed that the majority of the American electorate would ultimately reject him. I can still hope that they will. That this race is tied is both confusing and worrisome.
Washington's Weakening Hand In Iran. Pulling out of the nuclear deal will carry great costs and little gain for the U.S.
John McCain's Wife Rebukes White House Official Who Mocked Him As 'Dying Anyway'. The aide reportedly tossed out the cruel remark in response to the senator's opposition to the CIA director nominee.
Top Foreign Policy Officials Go After Trump For National Security Council Changes. "This is stone cold crazy. After a week of crazy."
Harry Reid Joins Call For Obama To Take Action On Dark Money. Democrats and reform groups want the president to issue an executive order on campaign finance disclosure.
Congress Wants Teenagers To Drive Big Rigs. A provision in a new bill would let younger truckers drive interstate.
Federal Ban On Methadone Vans Seen As Barrier To Treatment. States and treatment companies want to offer methadone clinics on wheels to reach more people with opioid addictions in remote and underserved areas. But the federal government is standing in their way.
Where Buying Marijuana Is Legal, But There’s Nowhere To Smoke It. Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research By Sophie Quinton   Las Vegas’ reputation as
Fear, Ferguson and the First Step Toward a Lasting Solution. Only empathy, which is the root of morality, can bring victory. And that is only possible when we love one another. If we want to understand the fears of our sisters and brothers we have to love some people deeply enough to know them as sisters and brothers and empathize with their fears.
Leadership: 'Strong and Wrong' Over 'Weak and Right?'.
Florida Is A Model For Voting. The GOP Wants Change Anyway.. GOP Gov. Ron DeSantis has proposed an array of voting changes as state lawmakers introduce legislation making it harder to vote by mail.
John Kerry 'Extremely Encouraged' By Pledges Of Military Support Against ISIS.
Mexican Protesters Shut Down U.S. Border Crossing. The demonstrators were angered by steep hikes in gas prices in Mexico.
That Google Anti-Diversity Memo. What does “diversity” mean in the workplace as well as American society?  Are women at a disadvantage in technical fields
Trump's Scandal Could Cost House Republicans Big. Races that were once tilting toward Republicans could suddenly swing in the direction of the Democrats.
Jeb Bush Wants A Recession In Washington. For African-Americans, There Already Is One.. So much for compassionate conservatism.
Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Says Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Should Thank Her Sexual Harasser. Greene featured the harasser on her podcast and called his lewd shouts "quite the compliment."
Ted Cruz Accidentally Punches And Elbows His Wife In The Face After Dropping Out. The clumsy blows followed Cruz' announcement.
Nancy Pelosi Describes Donald Trump's Vote Fraud Claims As Strange, Sad. She said she even prayed for him because of it.
Views On Obamacare Shift Negative. Americans had more positive views earlier this year.
Trump's Trade Policy Is Unlikely To Deliver Big Wins For US Workers. By Greg Wright, University of California, Merced The Trump administration recently notched two wins for its international
Arab Americans and American Muslims Are at Risk. This past week the Arab American Institute (AAI) released its third biannual poll of American attitudes toward Arabs and Muslims. Conducted by Zogby Analytics, 1100 likely voters were surveyed nationwide. The results were deeply troubling.
Bernie Sanders Tax Return Sheds Light On Candidates Finances. Sanders promised to release his returns after being challenged by Hillary Clinton during a debate.
Pennsylvania Republican Defends 'Right-To-Work' Laws Before Vote In Union-Heavy District. But GOP candidate Rick Saccone also claimed to be unions' "biggest salesman."
Defending Trade Unions While the Justices Are Away. The nine justices of the SCOTUS are now in recess, leaving the rest of us the summer in which to reflect upon and digest their latest set of rulings. Because it is likely that both judgments will have long-term adverse consequences for progressive causes, a moment of reflection on that second judgment is well in order.
Quarantined Nurse Calls Her Treatment 'Inhumane', Criticizes Chris Christie.
Trump Lawyer Gets The Meme Treatment For Posting Fake Roosevelt Quote. Jenna Ellis then defended her mistake by saying "I posted it because the ifea itself is true, whether or not he said it!"
Ben Carson And His Supporters Are Still Pretty Pissed Off At Ted Cruz. "I wouldn't buy a used car from this person," one said.
Republicans Are Baffled By Jeb's Iraq War Bumble.
Giuliani: Trump Will Win Second Term Easily, Especially If Dems Nominate ‘Moron’ Biden. The president’s lead lawyer says Democrats would be better off nominating a relative unknown.
Donald Trump Accuses George W. Bush Of Lying To Invade Iraq. "We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East."
Bernie Sanders Condemns Hillary Clinton For Inflating Nancy Reagan's Role In AIDS Crisis. "I'm not quite sure where Secretary Clinton got her information."
Dylann Roof Won't Try To Save His Life In Looming Death Penalty Trial. The convicted murderer and white supremacist says he won't call witnesses or introduce evidence.
House Democrats End Blacklist Against Vendors That Work With Primary Challengers. Progressives applauded the decision, but some say the DCCC still has to prove its commitment to fair contracting.
10 Questions About The 2016 Race No One Can Answer. Least of all, us.
Marco Rubio Still Wants 18-Year-Olds To Be Able To Buy Guns. The senator from Florida previously said he supported raising the legal age to 21.
Texas Board Of Education Vote Is Critical For Conservatives – And US Schools. The question of how extreme is too extreme for Texas Republican voters may be answered on Tuesday evening, when voters are
Elizabeth Warren, Sherrod Brown Will Support Ben Carson's Nomination To HUD. "I will give Dr. Carson the benefit of the doubt based on commitments he has made to me," Brown said.
Deadly Greed: Alex Azar Must Not Be Confirmed. Donald Trump's nominee to replace Tom Price exemplifies the worst of revolving-door Washington.
Donald Trump's Pretty Sure That Governing Country Is As Easy As Owning A Golf Course. ಠ_ಠ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The New Face Of War: Security In The Age Of Cyberwarfare. National security is a bipartisan issue of the utmost importance.
Betsy DeVos Stirs Uproar By Saying Schools Can Call ICE On Undocumented Kids. The education secretary said it's a local decision, but she didn't argue against it.
The Real Reason Ted Cruz And John Kasich Dropped Out Now. There wasn't much public-opinion research available in 1964, so you'll have to take it on the testimony of us old folks that
Trump Willing To Testify Under Oath About Russia And Comey. The former FBI director called Trump a liar.
The Voice Of Opposition Past, Justice Kennedy May Save Obamacare Now.
White House Lifts Hold On Weapon Sales To Egypt Despite Lack Of Democratic Progress.
Trump Keeps Defending Himself Against Charges That Were Never Made. The tendency raises serious questions about his state of mind.
Trump Terrible 10: Apocalypse Now Edition. Unprecedented violent storms are attacking our shores. North Korea’s got nukes. Russia hacked our election. And malevolent
Trump Sets Stage For Tariffs On Chinese Imports. He claimed the U.S. deficit with Beijing was “out of control.”
Jeb Bush To Visit Crisis Pregnancy Center. The nonprofit organizations preach abstinence and push against abortions.
Twitter Users Skewer Trump's Bizarre Rant About '6G' Technology. One person also asked for time machines and robots that "do for chores for us."
U.S. Condemns New Israeli Settlement Plan. The White House and State Department said the settlement "deep in the West Bank" could undermine peace prospects.
Maxine Waters: Tension In Syria 'Phony,' A Ruse To Lift Oil Sanctions On Russia. She believes that Putin and Trump are “tied at the hip."
Jack Johnson Was Pardoned, But Taboo Sex Is Still Being Criminalized. A new law to fight sex trafficking targets some of the people it ostensibly aims to protect.
Poll In 11 Asian Languages: Far More Asians Voted For Clinton Than Reported. Actual Asian-language poll reports 79% voted for Clinton, compared to the originally reported 65%.
Rep. Steve King Uses Sleeping Baby To Celebrate Kavanaugh's Confirmation. "Soon, babies like this little angel will be protected in the womb by law," he wrote after Brett Kavanaugh was confirmed to the Supreme Court.
Hillary Clinton Reminds Voters Of Donald Trump's Past Birther Claims. Because it’s hard to keep track of all the outrages.
The Obamas Really Enjoy America's Amazing National Parks. They're probably also celebrating the National Park Service's birthday.
Congressional Authorization.
Hillary Clinton Readies For A Long Slog Against Bernie Sanders. Facing a tougher than expected challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Hillary Clinton’s campaign is preparing
Tom Cotton Wants to Make Medicare Doubly Dead... Attacks from Two Fronts. If it were up to Tom Cotton, Medicare would be doubly dead. All his sweet words are not going to provide a single medication, a single doctor's visit, a single surgical procedure or a single night in a nursing home for our nation's senior citizens.
There's A Huge Reality Gap On Obamacare, And This New Poll Proves It.
Trump: Don't Blame Russia For Hacking; Blame Computers For Making Life Complicated. "I think we ought to get on with our lives. I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly."
House Panel Demands White House Turn Over Jared Kushner Clearance Records. Requests for documents and witnesses were made by a Democratic-led committee looking into alleged security clearance abuses involving President Donald Trump’s son-in-law.
As Fentanyl Spreads, States Step Up Responses. Fifty times stronger than heroin, fentanyl is showing up in more places, leaving state and local health and law enforcement
HUFFPOST HILL - Globalists, Finished With Ken Bone, Set Sights On Trump. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!  Donald Trump
Is Trump Damaging The GOP Brand On National Security?. Democrats are planning to connect the GOP to Trump’s national security comments, and Republicans are concerned.
Hackers Tried To Breach A Tennessee County Server On Election Night: Report. Investigators traced IP addresses linked to the attack to foreign countries.
Arianna Huffington Urges GOP Voters To 'Trexit' And Dump Trump. #TrumpTrexit has a nice ring to it.
Technology May Prevent Trump From Delivering On His Jobs Promise. Some robots already cost less to operate than the salaries of the humans they replace, and they are getting cheaper and better.
Keith Olbermann: The NRA Should Be Branded A Terrorist Organization. "It is time to end the National Rifle Association."
CIA photographed detainees naked before sending them to be tortured. Classified pictures showing CIA captives bruised, blindfolded and bound raise new questions about US’s willingness to use
Obama And Xi: A Lot Of Climate, A Little Cyber, Mostly Fluff. The summit was historic more because it happened than because it achieved anything.
The Day Howard Dean Came THIS Close To Leaving The Democratic Party. Al Gore talked him off that cliff.
GOP Congressman Boycotting Pope's Speech Over Climate Change. "When the Pope chooses to act and talk like a leftist politician, then he can expect to be treated like one."
Read Live Updates From The CBS Republican Debate. This time they're in South Carolina.
Bernie Sanders Should Realize Attacks On The Media Have Consequences. His supporters made threatening phone calls to a reporter.
U.S. Intervention In Yemen Is Foolish And Should Stop. Yemen is already in a state of turmoil.
McCain Calls Sony Hack An 'Act Of War'.
The Budget Fight Was the First Skirmish in the War for the Soul of the Democratic Party. For the next two years we will see Republicans do everything they can to deliver for corporate America at the expense of the American people. The only question is whether Democrats will enable them. Will President Obama continue to make compromise after compromise?
Supreme Court Fight: A Quarter Of Republican Senators Now Back Meetings For Merrick Garland. When President Obama first nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, Senate Republicans were united in their wall of
REPORT: Obama To Review Militarization Of Police.
Noam Chomsky: People Who Didn't Vote For Clinton To Block Trump Made A 'Bad Mistake'. "I didn't like Clinton at all, but her positions are much better than Trump's on every issue I can think of."
Immigration Authorities Detain Woman On A Greyhound Bus After Asking Everyone For ID. She was reportedly visiting family in Florida.
Carly Fiorina Revives Old Romney Talking Point In Attack On Hillary Clinton. If you thought it sounded familiar, you are correct!
Carl Bernstein: These Could Be The Darkest Days Since Joe McCarthy. "We have the unprecedented situation of one of the major political parties ... backing the president in showing and believing that he is above the law.”
Clinton Emails Became The New Focus Of Benghazi Inquiry. When the House select committee investigating the 2012 attacks on American government outposts in Benghazi, Libya, was created
Trump Had Over 20 Chances To Address The Portland Attack On Twitter Before He Did So. Instead, the president tweeted about "fake news," attacked the media and congratulated Republicans on the congressional win in Montana.
The VP Debate Will Probably Be Boring. You Should Watch It Anyway.. "Boring" isn't the same as "unimportant."
Elizabeth Warren To Keynote Democratic Convention. Other speakers Monday night will include Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), first lady Michelle Obama and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.).
The Congressional Black Caucus Wasn't Having It When Trump Mentioned Black Unemployment. Members didn’t clap. They didn’t emote. They sat there and gave Trump a blank stare.
HUFFPOST HILL - Bomb-Carrying Robocops Don't See Color, Only Things To Bomb. Despite its best efforts, America is slowly realizing that no amount of will.i.am singles and viral Ad Council PSAs are going
Donald Trump Has A New Conspiracy Theory. This One Involves Google.. It's kind of out there.
Trump's Wall Is Nothing But The World's Biggest Phallic Symbol. Policy prescriptions come and go, but the wall will remain.
Meet The Washington Insider Behind Ben Carson's Outsider Campaign. "He doesn't speak in a way that Washington politicians are trained to speak, so to some people that sounds crazy but to me and most of America that sounds refreshing."
Senate Democrats Hold Raucous Sit-In To Protest GOP Health Care Bill. What started as a Facebook live stream involving two lawmakers grew into an impromptu rally.
Here's What Happens When You Try To Make Or Sell A 'Safer' Gun. Smart guns can only be fired by authorized users. Why aren't they more popular?
McCrory vs Cincinnatus (The Other Political Archetype). As we watch the damage that Pat McCrory is inflicting on North Carolina, we can remember better men.  We can remember a better political archetype and raise our sights.  There is the Cincinnatus figure who serves out of duty when he'd rather be doing something else.
Less-Lethal Weapons Get New Interest Amid Police Shootings. The list includes pepper spray, stun guns and beanbag projectiles.
FBI Group Rips Character 'Attacks' After Trump Slams Agency 'Stench'. Demeaning comments will not deter agents from continuing to protect the American people, the group said.
The GOP Would Probably Have A Better Chance Of Winning Without Trump. Polls suggest he's underperforming compared to a "generic" Republican candidate.
HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, October 1. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Marco Rubio Survives In Florida Senate Race. He's not done just yet.
Mark Zuckerberg Doesn't See Facebook As A Monopoly, Since Its Competition Is All Human Activity. Can sleep file an antitrust suit?
The Big Problem With Paul Ryan's Call For 'Facts And Data' After Florida Shooting. By law, they're hard to come by.
How A Life Unravels On Heroin. Over the past year, the Globe spent time with an East Boston heroin addict as she struggled through recovery and the prospect
Puerto Rico Governor Declares Emergency At Government Development Bank. Puerto Rico's Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla declared an emergency at the island's Government Development Bank (GDB) on
Ted Cruz: Democrats Are An 'Extreme, Radical Party'.
House Democrats Want To Know Why Migrants Keep Dying In Federal Custody. The House Oversight Committee wrote letters demanding documents from the Department of Homeland Security on migrant deaths in ICE and CBP custody.
Cities Enlist ‘Doulas’ To Reduce Infant Mortality. Research suggests that doula-assisted mothers are less likely to deliver babies with low birth weights or birth complications
Joe Biden Defends Civil Rights Record After Heated Debate Exchange. The former vice president addressed criticism from Sen. Kamala Harris during the Democratic primary debate.
Betsy DeVos Says She's 'Misunderstood,' Then Struggles To Explain Her Own Policies. Education secretary also admits she hasn't visited underperforming schools.
Trump Supporters In This Small Town Love His Controversial Refugee Ban. They don't see many refugees, but they're worried about terrorists.
The #NeverTrump Movement Could Have A Big Day In Wisconsin. A Cruz win would help pave the way for a contested convention.
Trump Slams RNC Chairman, Calls 2016 Process 'A Disgrace'. Donald Trump on Tuesday slammed the chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC), claiming the party's system for
John Kasich Brags Women 'Left Their Kitchens' To Elect Him Back In The Day. "All the way back, when things were different. Now you call homes, and everybody's working," the GOP hopeful said.
Twitter Bans GOP Rival Of Rep. Ilhan Omar Who Called For Her Lynching. Candidate Danielle Stella, a Trump supporter, said Omar should be tried and hanged if she's found guilty of treason.
GOP 'Moderates' Keep Saying No To Repeal, And Then Voting Yes. Either they are getting played by their leaders -- or they simply don't care
Jeb Failing Attempts To Escape Brother’s Shadow On Iraq. When Jeb Bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the Iowa State Fair on Friday, fairgoers pelted him with questions about
No, Not Trump, Not Ever. Donald Trump is an affront to basic standards of honesty, virtue and citizenship. He pollutes the atmosphere in which our
Hillary Clinton Wins The Ohio Primary. Another key state in the bag.
At West Point, Annual Pillow Fight Becomes Weaponized. For generations, freshmen cadets at the United States Military Academy have marked the end of a grueling summer of training
Trump Plans To Nominate White House Aide Jim Carroll For Drug Czar. Carroll, who currently serves as White House deputy chief of staff, must be confirmed by the Senate.
Why September 12th Matters. September 12th is very special day. Every year, reliably, something big happens on that day. This year is no different. The
Your Birthday Present for America.
Bogus Legal Threats Used To Trick Teens Into Signing Away Abortion Rights. Last February, AJ, a single mother in Mississippi, found herself at the back of an abortion clinic in Memphis, Tennessee
Jeb! Comeback Watch: Jeb Finally Hits Back. Mind who you're aiming at, Jeb!
Anti-Trump GOP Senator's Logic For Not Backing Hillary Clinton Makes Zero Sense. Sen. Mark Kirk has had months to come up with a better way to frame this.
HUFFPOST HILL - Nazis To Pound Pavement, Skulls For Trump. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!  The Unskewed
Airport Shooting Suspect Checked Gun, Despite Mental Health Issues. The veteran told the FBI his mind was being controlled by the government. He was never on a no-fly list.
Wednesday's Morning Email: NYC Defiant After Terror Attack Claims 8 Lives. "We're not afraid."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders’ Latest Claim About Trump Has People Scratching Their Heads. "She's obviously never met the man," actor Morgan Fairchild said of the former White House press secretary.
Don't Underestimate The GOP's Potential To Subvert Trump. The GOP may be a lot of things; political naiveté isn’t among them.
The Grandmother on "Respecting the Part You Play". Each President holds the only office in the United States voted on by all of us. We do not need to agree with our President, but we should remember that, like it or not, each is chosen by a majority of us for this honor. The honor deserves respect. That's class.
Darren Wilson Fundraisers End With Little Explanation.
Donald Trump Says He'll Do Interview With Univision's Jorge Ramos. Now that his lawsuit against Univision has been settled, Donald Trump says he is happy to tape an interview with the network's
In Aftermath Of Northern California Fires, Schools Brace For Newly Homeless Students. There are legal protections for children who find themselves without stable housing.
Walter Scott Case Proves There Are No Smoking Guns In Police Shooting Trials. With no conviction despite clear footage of the horrific shooting, we're left to wonder what a criminal killing would look like.
Trump Only Getting One Intelligence Briefing Per Week, U.S. Officials Say. “It is deeply disturbing that the president-elect has time for rallies but not for regular intelligence briefings."
Greg Abbott Launches New Initiatives Against Planned Parenthood. Abbott and other conservatives are fighting against Planned Parenthood for what the Texas governor called "gruesome" actions.
Two Months Of Trump: There Are No Neutrals Here. After two months of Trump, there are clear winners and losers: Winners: 1.The Resistance:  Individual resistance groups are
What Are The Odds That Donald Trump Just Walks Off The Debate Stage Tonight?. We asked an oddsmaker for help answering this and other pressing questions.
Read Excerpts From Joni Ernst's SOTU Response.
Trump's Call To Turkey's Erdogan Highlights The Ethical Mess He's Brought To The White House. In his business life, the president worked with political leaders across the globe.
White House Official Gives Lip Service To Puerto Rican Debt Relief But Offers No New Deal. Existing legislation is enough to reduce the island’s obligations, said Mick Mulvaney.
I Stand With The Dreamers. This would be a tragedy of incalculable consequences -- economic, political and moral.
Mueller Charges Lawyer With False Statements In Russia Probe. He's also accused of deleting or otherwise not producing emails sought by the Special Counsel’s office.
Obama Golfs With Larry David. Pretty, pretty good.
Donald Trump Jr. Tweets About 'Julius Caesar' After Top Lawmaker and Others Shot. It's poor timing, Donald.
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis: Issuing A Gay Marriage License Is 'A Heaven Or Hell Decision'. "It is about marriage and God’s Word."
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Has Law Clerks Lined Up Until 2020. The move is another signal she has no plans to retire anytime soon.
Harry Reid Would Rather Endure Physical Harm Than Become A Lobbyist Or DNC Chair. "I'm about as interested at doing that as seeing if I could flip backwards out the window" he said.
Donald Trump Has Invited The Media To Pick A Side. We may as well take him up on the offer.
Behind Millions Of Dollars Raised By Parkland Students, An Adult Board Of Directors. Students may be the face of the new gun violence prevention movement, but there are also adults working behind the scenes.
Sallie Mae Under Fire For Death-Induced Defaults.
Donald Trump Threatens Hillary Clinton With Special Prosecutor, Jail. Trump told Clinton she would be in jail if he were president.
HUFFPOST HILL - Barron Trump Still Wondering What Dad Did With His UNICEF Box. Because we’re entering into the final, far more serious, weeks of the campaign, we’ve moved on from frog-meme-centric news
Democrats Demand Kris Kobach Resign From Trump Voter Fraud Probe. “Mr. Kobach has repeatedly claimed, falsely, that widespread voter fraud exists."
Donald Trump's State Visit To The UK Now In Doubt. Fears of large-scale protests greeting the U.S. president is cited as reason.
This Quirky Congressional Rule Change Could Slash Entitlement Spending. Conservatives on Capitol Hill want to make it easier to cut mandatory programs.
In 2014, Republicans Are All About 'Obamacare,' But Dems Won't Touch It.
'Defunding' Planned Parenthood Would Really Screw Paul Ryan's District. "There's literally nowhere else to go for family planning," said one of his constituents.
Trump, A Symptom Of What?. A radical message from a half-century ago.
Hurricane Harvey And The Potential Hypocrisy Of Texas Republicans. They opposed aid for victims of Hurricane Sandy. Now that it's their state in need...
What Democrats Should Learn From 2014? Howard Dean Was Right!. We must remember that we as a Democratic party are at our best when we stand together, for the values that reward hard-working Americans. We need to express this idea, not in the cynicism of Washington politics, but in the politics of the grassroots.
NRA Touts The AR-15 As An 'Everyday Gun' For 'Everyday Citizens.' Critics Go Ballistic.. “Modern-day musket my ass,” tweeted David Hogg.
Bernie Sanders Stresses 'Common Good' In Vatican Attack On Capitalism. Bernie Sanders launched one of his most powerful indictments of modern capitalism in his campaign in the Vatican on Friday
Shadow Campaign To Deny Trump His Delegates Begins. When South Dakota's Republican activists convened in Pierre to pick their delegates to the Republican national convention
Beau Biden Once Called His Father Joe 'The Best Coach I Could Have Asked For'.
Police Near St. Louis Quash Peaceful Protest By Declaring It An Unlawful Assembly. The peaceful march ends after riot police arrived in buses and armored trucks.
Donald Trump Cancels His Trip To London, Blames Obama. British media report the White House may have feared mass protests.
Is Your County Elections Clerk Ready For Russian Hackers?. In a decentralized election system with more than 10,000 separate jurisdictions, the onus for security is on local officials.
How Polls Trick People Into Saying Dumb Things, Like Judge Judy Being On The Supreme Court. Rigged questions and exaggerated results sometimes look convincing.
Obamacare Exchanges Falling Far Short Of Smoking Cessation Requirements.
John Kerry's Hot Mic Reaction To Gaza: 'Hell Of A Pinpoint Operation'.
Bernie Sanders Isn't Too Impressed By The Historic Climate Agreement. "While this is a step forward it goes nowhere near far enough."
One Street In Minnesota Separates Radically Different Policing Strategies. Minneapolis police are facing criticism for racism and abuse. They might learn from their counterparts just across the city line.
Democrats Flip Kentucky State House Seat Where Trump Won Overwhelmingly. Another sign of a big year for Democrats.
Gabby Giffords To Congress: 'The Nation's Counting On You' To Act On Gun Violence. For years, the former Arizona congresswoman and her husband, former astronaut Mark Kelly, have been speaking out for gun control.
Tuesday's Morning Email: Trump Faces Growing Firestorm Over Fight With Fallen Soldier's Family. John McCain joined the growing chorus of unhappiness with Donald Trump's attacks on the Khan family.
Trump Open To Improving Gun Background Check System, White House Says. A small step in the wake of the Parkland shooting.
Michigan Tea Party Lawmaker Caught In Affair Cover-Up Releases 1,900 Word Confession. "Don’t blame God for my failures."
Lincoln Chafee's Metric System Suggestion Actually Makes A Lot Of Sense.
The 47 Percent on Steroids, With a Hit of Koch. The fact is, the things said on these tapes are far more blunt than Romney in his 47 percent moment. This is crazy stuff, folks, and the politicians who were partying with these extremists ought to be held to account.
Texas, 10 Other States Sue Obama Administration Over Transgender Bathroom Access. The federal government is requiring public schools to allow trans students to use bathrooms that match their gender identity.
A New Obamacare Repeal Draft Is Out And It Attacks Pre-Existing Protections More Severely. It "opens the door to very bare-bones coverage."
Most Americans Aren't Personally Concerned About Terrorism. But many say they're at least somewhat scared about the state of the world.
NFL Stars Erupt In Anger Over Donald Trump's 'Son Of A Bitch' Speech. "I can’t take anything our Celebrity in Chief says seriously. He’s a real life clown/troll."
Boehner Criticizes Democrats Over Mass Shootings. "The president can rail all he wants."
Election Results: Better Cover for Dems, More Distractions for Progressives?. Voter suppression cost the Democrats some votes, but not nearly as many as their failure to be a true progressive alternative did.
James Comey Gives A 'Strange Answer' When Asked If Donald Trump Should Be Impeached. The former FBI director also wants Robert Mueller’s investigation to continue.
I'm Not A Dreamer Or Immigrant, But We Share Common Values. By Darryl Lorenzo Wellington My encounter with Dreamers last month happened by chance. I was sitting in my local library
Possible Threat Against Obama Investigated By Secret Service.
Senate Republicans Shouldn't Be So Sure The House Won't Just Pass The 'Skinny Repeal'. Some House GOP members would rather have the scaled-down Obamacare repeal bill than nothing.
Clinton Just Played Trump's Game. Can She Beat Him At It?. Spotlighting the racism of his crowds shouldn't be controversial. But, as she found out, she has to choose the right words.
As Jason Chaffetz Retires From Congress, Here Are Some Reasons Not To Miss Him. Thanks for the memories.
New Bill Would Let Public Rent Out Chris Christie's Beach House. Imagine a world where the public gets to enjoy the same beaches as Gov. Chris Christie!
George Harrison's Estate Burns GOP Over Unauthorized Usage Of 'Here Comes The Sun'. When it comes to the RNC's song selection, it's not all right.
How CPAC Helped Launch Donald Trump’s Political Career. His first speech at the conservative conference was a sign of things to come.
Clinton and Trump: Sadly, It's Politics as Usual.
Ferguson Police Officer Justin Cosma Hog-Tied And Injured A Young Child, Lawsuit Alleges.
It's Election Season, But Where Are The Lawn Signs?. This election season, a sign of the times is… no signs at all. The current Presidential contest hasn’t been an easy one for
An Angry James Comey On The GOP Memo: 'That's It?'. The former FBI director says classified information was "inexcusably exposed" in a "dishonest" and "misleading" memo.
John McCain To Create New Senate Cybersecurity Subcommittee. The panel will develop legislation to beef up security and respond to cyberattacks.
Republicans Still Don't Have The Votes To Replace Obamacare. And here are the House members who look apt to vote against it.
Sen. Michael Bennet Bests Tea Party Rival In Colorado. "Christian-Constitutional-Conservative-Pro-Life-Second-Amendment-Loving American" loses to incumbent.
Government Watchdog Probes Ryan Zinke's Use Of Private Planes. Perhaps the controversy is more than "a little BS."
Crossing the Axis of Evil. Before the next round of U.S. negotiations with Iran, why doesn't the U.S. apologize for its unjust 1953 actions? Let's start there. We pat ourselves on the back for spreading the light of liberty. Shouldn't we likewise accept responsibility when we've extinguished it?
Echoing Trump, Gardner Says Passage Of Tax Bill Will Be A 'Great Christmas Celebration Across The Country'. Sounding much like Trump, who last week called the Republican tax bill “one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income
The GOP and the Seven "D"s. Democrats need to combat the seven "D"s.  They need better long-term planning. They must get their message into the news streams ahead of GOP fear mongering.  Most of all, they need to address the imbalances in the news media.
Elon Musk's Record On Workers' Rights Detracts From His Praise Among Liberals. Tesla employees have complained about a raft of work-related injuries and illnesses throughout the CEO's tenure.
Federal Judge Halts Deportation Of More Than 1,400 Iraqi Nationals. The roundup of Iraqis in the Detroit area followed Iraq’s agreement to accept deportees as part of a deal that removed the country from Trump’s revised temporary travel ban.
Barack Obama Just Posted The Sweetest Father's Day Throwback Photo. "Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad."
Donald Trump Wants Elizabeth Warren To Be Hillary Clinton's Running Mate. He didn't mean it in a nice way.
Republican Senators Doubt Saudi Arabia's Account Of Jamal Khashoggi's Death. Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said he believes Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman was involved in the journalist's killing.
Experts Worry Trump's Hydroxychloroquine Claims Could Have Major Consequences. While Trump continues to push the antimalarial medication for coronavirus prevention, doctors fear that Americans will listen.
Another White House Official Disputes Report That Trump Wanted To Axe Mueller. Sen. Susan Collins also noted that Trump can't directly fire the special counsel.
Trump Sets Up Showdown With DOJ Over Claims Of Campaign Surveillance. The Justice Department responded by asking its inspector general to look into Trump's charge.
Donald Trump's No. 2 Commerce Pick Has A Thin Resume And A Fat Wallet. Todd Ricketts hails from a family of billionaire political donors.
Rep. John Lewis: I Oppose Health Care Replacement With 'Every Bone In My Body'. "I will fight any deal that turns the clock back to a darker time."
The Undoing Of Eddie Ray Routh. Private medical records of Chris Kyle's killer reveal the true story behind the "American Sniper" murder.
Census Bureau’s Plans To Go Digital Raise Concerns Of Iowa-Like Breakdown. It's the first once-a-decade census in which most people are being encouraged to answer questions via the internet.
Brand Tibet China's and Tibetan Exiles' Contrasting Narratives on Tibet. No struggle in the world is as unequal as the one between Tibet and China.  Beijing's position in Tibet is unassailable, reinforced by a network of all-weather roads, airports and an expanding railway line that are integrating the world's highest, largest and remotest plateau more closely to the mainland.
Russian Ambassador: We're Not Hacking You, Promise. The U.S. government says otherwise.
Harry Reid Goes On Epic Rant Against Trump. He calls The Donald a "human leech" who will bleed America dry and laugh about it.
Obama Joins Selma Anniversary March.
Watch The DNC Debate Live. The candidates who hope to shape the Democratic Party's future will face off at 7 p.m. EST.
Colorado Banking Case Tests Federal Drug Rules. Should pot sellers be able to use the nation's banking system as long as marijuana is an illegal drug?
Republicans Ask Democrats To Trust Them On Flint Funding, Offer No Reason To Trust Them. This should end well, believe me.
The Restrictions Journalists Agreed To In Order To Attend The Koch Brothers’ Conference. This weekend, Charles and David Koch’s Freedom Partners hosted five Republican presidential hopefuls and hundreds of top
NRA Chief Wayne LaPierre: FBI, Elitism To Blame For School Shootings. Democrats are trying to “eradicate all individual freedoms,” he said.
White House Walks Back Claim That David Shulkin Resigned. Shulkin says Trump fired him as secretary of veterans affairs. The White House, until Monday, claimed he quit.
Donald Trump, Defender Of Western Civilization? Not!. This must be what’s called an “irony of history.” Donald J. Trump, leading offender of Western civilization, just tried to
Bristol Palin Is Wrong: It's A Good Thing That Obama Invited Ahmed Mohamed To The White House. As usual, Palin misses the mark.
2016 Democrats React To Planned Parenthood Shooting. Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley all reiterated that they #StandWithPP.
Netanyahu's Remains of the Day. For all his protestations that he arrives today in Washington on a grave mission vital to Israel's national security, Benjamin "Mr. Security" Netanyahu has more on his mind than merely scuttling President Obama's incubating nuclear agreement with Iran.
How Progressives Should Celebrate Flag Day. Most Americans are unaware that much of our patriotic culture -- including many of the leading symbols and songs -- was created by people with decidedly progressive sympathies. Progressives understand that people can disagree with their government and still love their country and its ideals.
Martin O'Malley: Bernie Sanders Wouldn't Have Beaten Donald Trump. But the former Maryland governor says if he had been the Democratic nominee, "I think I would have won."
Trump Vows Not To Change — Which Means Everyone Else In Politics Has To. There are reasons to be skeptical that the wall on the border would ever be built. Putting a ban on Muslims entering the
We Don't Need The Freedom To Hate. It is important to consider that the freedom of speech isn’t an inherent good.
Obama: Trump Makes The Case Against Himself Every Time He Opens His Mouth. The president said he's "tired" of talking about Hillary Clinton's opponent.
Chelsea Clinton To Emphasize Role As Both Daughter And Mother In DNC Speech. She is set to introduce her mother, Hillary Clinton, at the convention Thursday night.
Supreme Court Bars GOP Congressmen From Defending Racially Gerrymandered Map. Claims that their Virginia districts might be "flooded" with Democrats weren't convincing.
Watch Bernie Sanders Throw Serious Side-Eye At Hillary Clinton. Clinton accused Sanders of calling President Obama "disappointing."
Trump Administration Prepares To Ease Export Rules For U.S. Guns. The push fits both Trump’s support for the gun lobby espoused on the campaign trail and his “Buy American” agenda.
We Made It to the White House and Capitol Hill. We are of course very excited and happy that we have contributed to the plan to push the IS out of the Nineveh plains and "eradicate this cancer". But we are not there yet, we will not give up until every single one of our people are safe.
A 'Sea Of Black Masks': Prosecutors Open Felony Trial Of Inauguration Protesters. The U.S. government plans to seek felony convictions for nearly 200 inauguration protesters. The first trial is now underway.
Fox News Didn't Air That Amazing Speech By The Father Of A Fallen Muslim Soldier. The network -- which usually jumps at the chance to extol the virtues of American patriotism and sacrifice --cut to commercials.
Trump Will Sign Executive Orders To Renegotiate NAFTA, Pull Out Of TPP: Report. The president said on Sunday he planned talks soon with the leaders of Canada and Mexico to begin renegotiating NAFTA.
Turn Left on Main Street. Congressman John K. Delaney, what are you talking about? In a recent Washington Post op-ed, headlined, "The last thing America needs? A left-wing version of the Tea Party," the Democratic congressman from Maryland scolds progressives and expresses his worry "about where some of the loudest voices in the room could take the Democratic Party." But the progressive agenda isn't "left wing." The progressive agenda is America's story -- from ending slavery to ending segregation to establishing a woman's right to vote to Social Security, the right to organize, and the fight for fair pay and against income inequality. Strip those from our history and you might as well contract America out to the US Chamber of Commerce the National Association of Manufacturers, and Karl Rove, Inc.
Offended By Protest, Pence Leaves Football Game; Colts Win Anyway. On Sunday, Vice-President Mike Pence walked out of an Indianapolis Colts – San Francisco 49er football before the game even
To Combat Fake News, Let’s Pay For Our Real News. Moving forward, I will pay for the news I value. Like many, I often find ways to log in from another device when I’m notified
Protesters Confront John McCain During Visit To Navajo Capital. A Navajo teen now has what might be the most kick-ass profile picture on Facebook.
Donald Trump Is Wrong That Americans Don't Care About His Tax Returns. The president-elect claims only reporters want to see his financial information. Polls say otherwise.
Ralph Northam Rejects His 'Family's Heritage' Over Monuments, Virginia GOP Charges. The state's Democratic gubernatorial nominee says he's OK with “turning my back on white supremacy."
Charles Barkley Stumps For Doug Jones, Begs Alabama: 'Stop Looking Like Idiots'. "You can't have a white separatist running for office," the NBA legend says.
Ohio Democrats Fret Over Dennis Kucinich’s Fringe Ties. “It's not just baggage. It's funky baggage. What Democrat is friendly with Assad?” one elected official said.
Fact-Checking The Second Presidential Debate. There were a mountain of false and misleading statements.
Ted Cruz Tries A New Look, Ruthless Warrior Who Makes Friends. Really, he's reaching out.
Bill De Blasio: Chris Christie's Comments On Syrian Refugees Are An 'Embarrassment To This Country'. The New York City mayor called the remarks "callous, heartless and prejudiced."
Rex Tillerson Hints At Support For State Department Women's Programs. The former Exxon Mobil CEO had a shoddy record of empowering women at the oil giant.
Don't Do It, Democrats!. The temptation for Democrats to jump into Russiagate is as strong as it is dangerous.
The Wildcatters'  Hibernia Files, Part I: Ireland's Party Sorting, Nationalism, and Brexit.
Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane Resigns After Perjury Conviction. Kane could face up to seven years in prison for leaking information to a reporter.
Donald Trump's Sacking Of James Comey Is A Test For Republicans. Echoes of Nixon's Saturday Night Massacre are real.
Some GOP Lawmakers Really Want To Carry Guns In The Capitol. “I feel like I have very good aim,” said one House Republican.
The Tapestry of December 7th. It's been 73 years since the Day of Infamy.  So many of the people that lived it are now gone.  But their echoes and the lessons they impart to our lives continue. When I think of December 7, I remember it is the day my elders began the most difficult four years of their lives
A GOP Candidate Shared Thoughts About Medical Marijuana. Here's How It Went..
Wikileaks Drops Another Damning Trove Of Secret Trade Deal Documents.
Inside The Feud Between Rand Paul And John McCain On ISIS Vote.
Monday's Morning Email: A Look At The Polls. Trump's down, but not out.
First Family To Spend 7th Straight Christmas In Hawaii.
Pentagon Gave Most Of Its $1 Billion Coronavirus Aid Package To Defense Contractors: Report. A Washington Post report shows most of the money given to the Department of Defense to fight coronavirus went to defense contractors.
Maybe Trump Should Stick To Tweeting About Holidays This Year. His least popular tweets last year were all personal attacks.
Trump's Attorneys Try To Silence Staffer Accusing Him Of Discrimination. DAVENPORT, IOWA — Attorneys for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump are trying to stop Elizabeth Mae Davidson
Live Election Coverage: Watch As Midterm Results Pour In.
Social Security Fund Will Run Dry Next Year. The trustees who oversee Social Security and Medicare said the disability trust fund will run out of money in late 2016. That would trigger an automatic 19 percent cut in benefits, unless Congress acts.
Obama's DOJ Fought Texas Voter ID Law. Trump's New Civil Rights Chief Offered Tips On Writing It.. That's not a great sign for voting rights protection.
The Gay Refugee Lawyer Who Helped Fight The Muslim Ban. Luis Mancheno says America saved his life. Now he wants to make sure it saves other people too.
John Kasich Drops Out Of 2016 Republican Presidential Race. And then there was one.
California Authority Says State's New Homes Must Be Solar Powered. This will be the first state mandate of its kind.
FEMA's Latest Excuse For Why It's Ignoring Climate Change: It Forgot. That clears it up.
Politico GOP Insiders Need To Stop Trying To Make 'Shy Trump Voters' Happen. Meet the Peggy Noonans of 2016.
Be Careful.
Why Aren't We Living To 120?. The United States spends 50% more on healthcare than any other advanced nation, yet has the worst health outcomes in virtually every category. This means we should be spending less or experiencing improved outcomes. But we see neither. Why?
Rick Perry On Marco Rubio's WikiLeaks Warning: 'I Don't Really Care What He Thinks'. He's not worried about the Russians and not impressed by the Floridian.
Elections in Ukraine. We predict that Russia will continue to recognize the separatist cities and do everything in its power to make it difficult for the Ukraine to be an active participate in the European Union by raising gas prices.
Rahm Emanuel’s Confirmation Hearing Falls On Laquan McDonald’s Death Anniversary. Progressive activists and lawmakers are calling for the Senate to reject the disgraced former Chicago mayor's nomination as envoy to Japan.
The Benghazi Terror Trial Is Coming To A Close, But You Probably Haven't Heard Much About It. Federal prosecutors argued Ahmed Abu Khatallah "hates America," is "guilty as sin" and is a "stone-cold terrorist."
Freedom Caucus Chairman Says They Would 'Look Favorably' On Paul Ryan For Speaker. The hardline conservative caucus, which has endorsed another House member, isn't ruling out Paul Ryan.
Should Utilities Build Charging Stations For Electric Cars?. Opponents say utility-built charging stations make all consumers pay for a service only a few relatively affluent people
More Than 100 Lawyers Tell The Supreme Court Why Their Abortions Mattered. "I often tell people -- and I believe it to be true -- that access to a safe, legal abortion saved my life."
Donald Trump Stumbles On Abortion Stance, Again. Once more, his people had to swoop in to take back what he said.
Trump Team Moves To Lift Ban On 'Extreme' Hunting Tactics In Alaska. The proposal would allow hunters to kill bear cubs and wolf pups in their dens and shoot swimming caribou from motorboats.
Looks Like Justice Scalia Won't Be Saving Public-Sector Unions After All. Union advocates had hoped the conservative justice would lend them a hand in a big labor case.
Donald Trump Nominated For The Nobel Peace Prize By House Republicans. "President Trump’s peace through strength policies are working and bringing peace to the Korean peninsula," write the 18 Republicans.
The Only Way To Win America's Wars Is To End Them. Today, I saw another article on why America is losing its wars in places like Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere. The gist
NJ Assemblyman Wants To Allow Medical Marijuana Use For Menstrual Cramps. HOBOKEN, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Could medical marijuana be the answer to women suffering from monthly menstrual cramps?
Will Trump Make Good On Threat To Sue The New York Times? LOL, No.. But the threat still serves a purpose.
Aide To Florida GOP Lawmaker Fired After Calling School Shooting Survivors ‘Actors’. Benjamin Kelly, an aide to Rep. Shawn Harrison (R-Tampa), repeated a conspiracy theory that has been gaining traction on social media.
Sri Srinivasan: Supreme Court justice in the making?. It was just the latest chapter in a stellar legal career that has taken the 46-year-old litigator known as "Sri" to a seat
Rick Larsen Midterm Election Results: Larsen Defeats Republican Opponent.
State Of Emergency Ends In Ferguson. The state of emergency went into effect in response to demonstrations marking the one-year anniversary of the shooting death of Mike Brown.
Super PAC Mega-Donors Expand Election Influence With Record $1 Billion In Contributions. Just 90 billionaires have an outsized impact on presidential politics.
The Shameful Republican Congress. The political pressure cooker in Washington is nearing the boiling point. Republican Senator Bob Corker’s (R-TN) recent public
In Sad, Sad Press Conference, Milo Says 'Free Speech Week' Is Now Just One Measly Rally. Milo Yiannopoulos' big alt-right rally at the University of California, Berkeley got canceled. Now he says he'll hold a rally anyway on Sunday.
5 Of Trump's 19 Accusers Leading Call For Congress To Investigate Misconduct Claims. "We got to have higher standards in this country and we need to hold these people very accountable,"  said Melinda McGillivray.
How Does a Caucus Work?. Iowa prides itself on being first-in-the-nation each year, leading the country in its non-primary system and helping weed out the strong candidates from the weak ones.
Robert Greenwald On His Free Anti-NRA Film: 'It Should Be As Widely Spread As Possible'. The rollout for Robert Greenwald's new documentary, "Making a Killing: Guns, Greed and the NRA," is targeting pastors, politicians
Defiant Sanders Pours Remaining Cash Into Last-Ditch Ad Blitz. Bernie Sanders left it all in California.
New York Times, Washington Post Interviews Offer Different Takes On Donald Trump. Maureen Dowd goes for the throat. Bob Woodward and Robert Costa, not so much.
Congress Should Immediately Go Into Special Session And Stop Trump’s Brinksmanship. The War Powers Resolution of 1973 foresaw the dangers of presidential adventurism while Congress was on summer vacation.
At Sea With Captain 'Wrong Way' Trump. In recent days, we’ve heard inconsistent policy statements, and not just about where the hell our ships are.
Scott Hits the Fan and GOP Hits the Czar. AIDs cases pile up but POTUS40 says nothing. After three Ebola patients in Dallas, POTUS44 sends 4000 troops/medical personnel to West Africa, creates CDC SWAT teams, appoints Czar -- NOT ENOUGH says GOP! Ebola Derangement Syndrome?
Donald Trump Warns He 'Hasn't Even Started' On Hillary Clinton Yet. "I’m winning against Hillary one on one, and I haven’t even started on her yet."
Jumping On The Cromnibus. Yes, apparently that's a new word now: "cromnibus." Now, some, editorially-speaking, have been insisting on "CRomnibus" or "Cromnibus," but for the time being here, we've decided that it doesn't qualify for proper-name status in any way.
Mike Pompeo Promises To 'Crush' Iran And Achieve A Better Deal. The secretary of state avoided specifics on how he would convince  the rest of the world to abandon the existing nuclear accord.
Lindsey Graham Praises Trump Over Shutdown: 'Glad He Picked This Fight'. "If we do not stand up now to make sure we get more money for the wall, we’ll never get any more next year," the senator argued.
Mike Pence Stands By Government Shutdown Threat As Thousands Await Federal Harvey Aid. Last week, Trump threatened to block government funding legislation if Congress didn't approve border wall funding.
Affirmative Action Lives To See Another Day At The Supreme Court. A divided court found that UT Austin's consideration of race in college admissions is constitutional.
Ohio Governor John Kasich Not Interested In Being Vice President.
Obama Orders Review Of Police Use Of Military Hardware.
Harry Reid Rips Republicans For Their Move Against Planned Parenthood. Republicans used a veterans' fertility bill to attack the reproductive health organization.
Bill Maher: Donald Trump Is 'Capable' Of Ordering Assassinations. "I think he loves dictators, loves the way they behave, compliments them all the time."
School Cops Protecting Kids With... Grenade Launchers, Mine-Resistant Vehicles.
Friday's Morning Email: Deadliest Day For Police Officers Since 9/11. 5 officers are dead, six more are injured in Dallas.
Why Khizr Khan's DNC Speech Was So Effective. Khan's speech showcased a powerful way to tell the story of Muslims in America, with examples of their contributions to and sacrifices for our country--and language that reminds people we're all on the same team.
Democrats Try To Corner Republicans On Flint Water Crisis. "Where is the public outcry here in Washington?"
Why Justice Kennedy Stonewalled A Reporter Who Asked About Citizens United. Probably why. Likely why. He didn't answer our questions either.
Trump’s Campaign Strategy Is An Off-Track Mess. Let’s count up all the red flags for Beltway Republicans.
George P. Bush: 'I'm Not A Scientist' When It Comes To Climate Change.
Insiders Blame Rove For Covering Up Iraq's Real WMD.
Why Supporters Of Legal Marijuana Should Worry About A Chris Christie Presidency.
My Son, a U.S. Marine. Even though my radical liberalism has softened over the years, I've never come close to voting Republican. So I was stunned when my then 17-year-old son announced that he wanted to join the Marines.
Janet Yellen Has The Perfect Response To Donald Trump's Criticism. The Fed chair took down the GOP nominee without once saying his name.
Marco Rubio: Being Gay Is Not A Choice.
GOP Senator Calls For 'Strong Response' To Marjorie Taylor Greene Rhetoric. Ohio's Rob Portman suggested stripping the House lawmaker of her committee assignments over her disturbing past social media activity.
Chief Justice Roberts Predicted The Supreme Court Nightmare Unfolding Right Before His Eyes. And he probably won't do anything about it.
Chris Stevens' Sister: 'I Do Not Blame Hillary Clinton'. She said the late ambassador had "a lot of respect" for the former Secretary of State.
Roy Moore Fundraises Off Report That He Molested A 14-Year-Old Girl. The Senate candidate from Alabama has denied the accusations of four women who were teens at the time.
Who's Signing Up For The Armed Forces In 2015?. The Huffington Post visited a recruitment center in Langhorne, Pennsylvania, to find out who wanted to join the armed forces in 2015 and why.
Melania Trump Sues Tabloid For $150 Million Over 'Escort Service' Report. Mrs. Trump's lawyer recently won a major case for Hulk Hogan against Gawker Media.
Is Congress Ready For QAnon?. The Republican Party has a conspiracy cult problem. And it's not going away.
Rand Paul: John McCain, Lindsey Graham Are 'Lapdogs For Obama'.
You're Thinking About Fidel Castro All Wrong. He wasn't operating in a vacuum.
USDA Starts Reposting Some Of Their Deleted Animal Welfare Records. Animal advocates say it's a good sign, but not a total victory.
Few Migrants From Caravan Allowed To Enter U.S., Apply For Asylum. People in the caravan have been camping out in Tijuana since Sunday, ignoring President Donald Trump's warnings against attempting entry.
Policlips Now: Obama's NCAA Bracket And A Lawmaker's Challenge To Voter ID Laws.
Donald Trump Gives Karen Handel A Last-Minute Plug In Georgia Runoff. "Vote now for Karen H," Trump tweeted, ahead of Tuesday's highly anticipated runoff between Handel and Democrat Jon Ossoff.
Let Eastern Ukraine Go. It doesn't matter. It's a small, totally irrelevant piece of land. Give the separatists a measure of autonomy.
Donald Trump Declines Three Chances To Disavow David Duke. Trump distanced himself from Duke in 2000, but wouldn't do so Sunday.
Democrats Hold Iowa State House District That Went Heavily For Donald Trump. It's a positive sign for Democrats.
Kellyanne Conway Says She 'Didn't See The Point' Of The Women's March. She was upset no one called her first and said, "Hey, could we have a dialogue?"
Chuck Schumer Lays Out What Democrats Want In Senate Impeachment Trial. In a new letter, the Democratic leader said he expects to hear from White House witnesses and receive documents from the Trump administration.
Mitt Romney Tells Roy Moore To Step Aside: 'I Believe Leigh Corfman'. He's not saying Moore should go "if" the sexual assault allegations are true. He's telling him to get out now.
Sean Spicer Claims White House Has Been 'Consistent' On Calling Travel Ban 'A Ban'. Fact check: Nope.
Ex-Trump Adviser Silences MyPillow Guy's Dominion Hogwash On Newsmax. Sebastian Gorka cut off Mike Lindell, who raised bogus voting machine claims even after the right-wing channel was threatened with legal action.
Stephen Colbert Overrules Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer In Rare 'Late Show' Interview. The justice was there to talk about his new book, but opened up about the court instead.
Conservative Legal Scholars Prefer A Liberal Supreme Court To A President Trump. “The court is important, to be sure -- but not nearly that important."
Bernie Sanders: 'The Business Model Of Wall Street Is Fraud'. "Wall Street, play by the rules? Who are we kidding?"
Democrats Rediscover Their True Progressive Roots. The party's new economic plan is a thinly-veiled return to the party's early 20th century progressive roots.
Obama To Deliver Third Oval Office Address Of His Presidency On Sunday. Terrorism, ISIS and San Bernardino.
Russia-Baiting Pushed Trump To Attack Syria -- And Increases The Risk Of Nuclear Annihilation. The anti-Russia bandwagon has gained so much momentum that a national frenzy is boosting the odds of unfathomable catastrophe.
Cruz Soars To Front Of The Pack In Iowa Poll. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has surged ahead to become the latest front-runner in the campaign for the Iowa
Demography, Democrats, and a Metropolitan Vision. Forget about the rising percentage of Latinos in this country for a moment and consider this number: somewhere between 65-70 percent of all Americans live in metropolitan regions of 500,000 or more.
Why Did This Undocumented Woman Spend More Than Four Years In Detention?.
South L.A. Teen Gives Powerful Speech On Trauma Of Surviving Gun Violence. Edna Lizbeth Chavez also spoke passionately about why more guns in schools is not the answer.
SEC Commissioners Rejected Settlement With ITT Tech CEO. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has rejected a proposed settlement of the SEC’s lawsuit against two former executives
John McCain: Bomb Assad Yesterday, Bomb Jihadists Today. The swift and dramatic rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and the group's de facto transformation from a terrorist organization into a terrorist government with a potent army is daunting and scary. But it's not totally unexpected.
Trump Earns Majority Of Americans' Disapproval In Record Time. It took George W. Bush years to get to this point.
This Bill Could Automatically Register 50 Million People To Vote. Congressional Democrats propose making it easier to vote, not harder.
Disappointed With Democrats, De Blasio Convenes Summit On Income Inequality.
In This Time of Immigration Debate. There's only one voice that comes to mind, for me, when the immigration argument devolves into a slurry. For those who have not seen them firsthand beneath the Statue of Liberty, these are the words of Emma Lazarus.
Shall We Gather at the VA Site -- and Respect the Constitution?. The removal of a Bible (King James Version of the New Testament?) from a POW/MIA "Missing Man" memorial table set up at an Ohio Veterans Administration (VA) clinic, on the face of it, seems a trivial act at best and an abridgement of Christian rights at worst.
Twitter Users Imagine Other Signs Donald Trump Could Hold Up On Stage. "Hilliry = BAD, me = GOOD."
Trump Reportedly Gives Mattis Authority To Set Troop Levels In Afghanistan. The move opens the door for future troop increases.
Ted Cruz Blasts New York Times For Keeping Book Off Bestseller List.
Obama Drafting Executive Order On LGBT Job Discrimination.
DOJ Pushes Back On Judge's Order Seeking Ethics Sanctions For Administration Lawyers. The government also staunchly opposes turning over the "sensitive" personal information of undocumented immigrants.
Obama's Still Trying To Convince People His Birth Certificate Is Real. He's also getting advice from former House Speaker John Boehner.
How Courts Could Force Cops To Get Serious About Using Body Cameras. Jurors should be told to question any police testimony involving incidents that should have been recorded but weren't, according to a new report.
Larry Scanlon: A Progressive Battler. The progressive community lost one of its toughest and smartest fighters yesterday. Larry died in a car crash on a trip to Florida, and all of us who had the honor of being his friend will miss him greatly.
America’s Health Is In The Hands Of GOP Frat Boys. This just in: Health care is not a game. It’s a matter life or death for millions and millions of Americans. But you sure
Working Americans Will Either Have The Chance To Retire —  Or Not. Uncovered workers are facing a frightening future.
Alabama's Republican Secretary Of State Calls Voting A 'Privilege'. Apparently automatically giving people their constitutional rights would also be offensive to civil rights leaders.
Ted Cruz Finally Endorses Donald Trump. Trump has insulted Cruz's wife and repeatedly said Cruz's father helped kill JFK.
Thursday's Morning Email: Trump Administration Rolls Back Protections For Trans Students. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos initially opposed the move.
A Crooked Wall Street Billionaire Is Crafting Trumponomics. Hoo boy.
N.C. Authorities: No Evidence To Support Father's Claim Muslim Boy Was Assaulted On Bus (UPDATE). Oh and by the way, his dad fights terrorism for a living.
Hundreds Of Angry Protesters Slam Devin Nunes In California. "We need a guard dog, not a lap dog," demonstrators shouted.
Huckabee, Gay People, Finger Food and Logic. Twenty-one states have chosen to democratically enact laws forbidding discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, but no state has enacted laws forcing Jewish delis to serve bacon-wrapped shrimp.  Is there is a reason?
Hillary Clinton Got A Big Fundraising Boost From The Democratic Convention. She raised $8.7 million in the 24 hours after the final convention night.
Syrian Jihad. Syrian Jihad
House Republicans Don't Like Trump, But That Won't Stop Them From Voting For Him. How do you support a man who takes positions opposite to your own? Practice. Practice. Practice.
Top Trump Supporters Suggest He Won't Really Lock Up Hillary Clinton. The Muslim ban and the wall? Turns out those might be harder than promised too.
Hillary Clinton Praises Michelle Obama's Speech On Donald Trump's Sexism. “The speech that she gave, I think put into words what so many people are feeling and not just women and girls."
Republicans Largely Stay Silent After Sen. Bob Corker's Rebuke Of President Trump. Tax cuts or bust remains the party's motto for now.
Lawmakers Introduce Bill To Tackle Misleadingly Photoshopped Ads.
Marco Rubio Tries To Salvage His Campaign With Laughter. A rabbi, a priest and a Republican presidential candidate walk into a bar...
John Kasich Didn't Mention A Water Crisis In Own State When Asked How He'd Handle Flint. "Every single engine of government has to move when you see a crisis like that."
Trump Desperately Wants A War. ANY War.. Trump -- a multiple time draft-dodger -- has no idea what the U.S. military can, can't and should or shouldn't do in the world.
Snap Polls Suggest Clinton Won Debate, But Changed Few Minds. Two surveys both give her the advantage.
Beto O'Rourke Apologizes For 'Demeaning' Comments About Women Made In College Newspaper. He wrote a scathing review of a Broadway show featuring female actresses with "phenomenally large breasts and tight buttocks."
Friday's Morning Email: What You Should Consider About The 'Deep State' Theory. They're all Republicans.
Obamacare Consumers Are Getting Tired Of Those High Deductibles. The survey shows large majorities still rate their coverage highly.
John Boehner Scores A Little Win Against Obamacare. A federal judge says a controversial House lawsuit can go forward.
A Plea To Welcome Immigrants And Refugees. Of course there are multiple causes of any social event, but there is good evidence that the rise in nationalist populism
Fierce Backlash Mounts Over Indiana's 'Religious Freedom' Law.
Irish Prime Minister Uses St. Patrick's Day To Praise Immigration In Front Of Trump. "We came ― and we became ― Americans.”
Immigrants' Kids Stage Heartbreaking Protest At White House. “I live with the fear of being separated from my mother every day,” said 11-year-old Leah.
Ivanka Trump's Brand Is 'Discussing New Policies' In Light Of Promotional Misfire. Its latest marketing efforts may be legal, but they are raising eyebrows.
Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest. Elijah Cummings wants the Oversight Committee to hear how Trump and his children won't sway business officials.
As Hurricane Harvey Moves On, What Now?. This week on So That Happened: in the wake of one of the worst storms in US history, Huffpost national reporter Roque Planas
Former Top Intelligence Chiefs: Trump Being 'Played' By Putin. “I think Mr. Putin is very clever in terms of playing to Mr. Trump’s interest in being flattered,” former CIA Director John Brennan said
Trump Acts To Sabotage Obamacare Enrollment, Days Before Deadline. He ordered the government to halt ads and emails, which could mean fewer signups and higher premiums.
What If Trump Doesn't Want A Second Term?. A politician with no future poses a danger to the nation and the world.
Nation's Top Teachers Tell Trump About The Importance Of Empathy. “I said ... I want you to know what I teach my students is about respect and empathy, and that’s how we as adults need to model those behaviors.”
Stop the Next Iraq War Before It Starts. President Obama has promised not to send "combat troops" to Iraq, but it's hard to see how the U.S. military personnel he is sending there can avoid combat, given that they are being dropped into the middle of a civil war.
Iowa Farmer Warns GOP Senator That Obamacare Repeal Will Create 'One Great Big Death Panel'. He also brought a bottle of Tums for Sen. Chuck Grassley.
Remember That Fatal Tesla Crash? Politicians Might Be Partly To Blame.. A safety measure that industry groups have lobbied against might have made a crucial difference.
Federal Court Says Florida Can Hold Off On New System For Restoring Voting Rights. Florida is just one of four states that permanently disenfranchises people who commit a felony.
Sen. Jeff Flake Donates To Roy Moore's Democratic Opponent. Flake added "Country over Party" on the check and tweeted an image of it.
Rahm Emanuel Denies Laquan McDonald Cover-Up In Op-Ed. The Chicago mayor took "responsibility for what happened."
Chris Christie Becomes Powerful Figure In Donald Trump Campaign. Defeated by Donald J. Trump in the 2016 primaries and derided by fellow Republicans for his subsequent embrace of Mr. Trump
Sunday Roundup. This week, the nation's eyes were on Baltimore and the protests over the death of Freddie Gray. The media, once again, focused only on the most sensationalized elements -- in this case, a CVS being looted, footage of which looped endlessly -- ignoring both the long historical context for the anger and the substance of the more representative non-violent protests. But those protesters' calls for justice were, in fact, being heard. On Friday, Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby charged the six officers involved in Gray's arrest with a range of crimes including murder and manslaughter. "I've heard your call for 'no justice, no peace,'" she said in announcing the charges. Whatever happens in this particular case, it's clear the problems with our justice system go beyond Baltimore. A start on fixing them would be putting as bright a spotlight on the underlying issues as we do on a looted drug store.
Trump Plans To Kill An Obama Regulation Protecting Restaurant Servers. The administration says the changes will steer more money to cooks and dishwashers. Worker groups say it will lead to lower pay and wage theft.
We Need The Internet Now More Than Ever, But Time Is Running Out To Save It. The FCC is preparing to destroy net neutrality and, in so doing, forever change the free flow of information.
Sen. Ben Ray Luján Suffers Stroke, Expected To Make 'Full Recovery'. The New Mexico Democrat was hospitalized last week when he began to experience dizziness and fatigue.
On Trump And Russia, Don’t Miss The Forest For The Trees. Details are flying thick and fast — almost as fast as Donald Trump Jr. changes his story. But most of the coverage misses an essential point.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On December 23. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Hillary Clinton Blasts Pay For CEOs, Hedge Fund Managers In Campaign Kickoff.
Rand Paul's Campaign Website Accepts Bitcoin Donations.
Georgia Is Trying To Block Newly Registered Voters From Taking Part In Fierce Runoff Election. This is just typical, said the Georgia NAACP chief, who is suing the state.
This Sucks: My Parents Support Donald Trump. I am a daughter of two people who support U.S. presidential candidate Donald J. Trump, and I am heartbroken over it. Despite
Trump Trolls Democrats Over Party Turmoil. The GOP nominee tried to use Democrats' email scandal to drive a deeper wedge between Clinton and Sanders supporters.
Donald Trump: Vladimir Putin Is 'Not My Best Friend'. Trump also condemned alleged Russian intervention in the U.S. election.
Donald Trump To Order National Guard To Mexican Border. Troops may be heading to the border as early as Wednesday night, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said.
Oil Industry Seals Two Arctic Drilling Wins As Fierce East Coast Storm Fuels Climate Fears. Scientists say a warming Arctic increases storms like the "bomb cyclone" battering the East Coast.
Betsy DeVos Kicks Off Her New Job By Making A Joke About That Famous Bear Comment. The new education secretary has faced unprecedented opposition.
Corporations and Wealth Inequality. A widespread notion that the sole responsibility of corporations is to make money for the owners is a major factor supporting the trend of increasing wealth at the top levels of society, at the expense of every one else.
Rep. Liz Cheney Goes On ‘Hooey’ Rant About The Green New Deal. The third-ranking House Republican blasted the sweeping progressive resolution proposed last week and falsely said it would outlaw planes, cars and gasoline.
Legal Experts Urge DOJ To Investigate Orange County Jailhouse Snitch 'Crisis'. Prosecutors and cops in the county have violated the Constitution, they say.
'Pillar' Of Hawaii's Coffee Industry Given Last-Minute Reprieve From Deportation. Andres Magaña Ortiz has called the U.S. home for the last 28 years.
Bill Nye Joins The Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Fan Club: She 'Gets It'. One of America's most prominent TV scientists came out in support of the congresswoman, crashing her SXSW talk with a big question.
Rubio's Character Attracts Millenial Voters in Ames. Iowa State University students flocked to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio's town hall meeting in Ames on Saturday, hoping to find a Republican presidential candidate they could support. Most either arrived as Rubio fans or emerged from the town hall supporting him.  And though many of his policy platforms resonated with the millennial voters, their main attraction to Rubio seemed to be his character.
Obama Jilts Dems For GOP-Approved Trade Pact.
Investigation Shows Yale Isn’t The Climate-Conscious Investor It Claims To Be. Yale spokesman says school "does not disclose or comment" on investments.
Hillary Clinton Proposes Doubling Tax Break For Families With Kids. Her approach is very different from what Donald Trump has in mind.
2018 Was A Banner Year For Strikes. After years of weak bargaining power, U.S. workers finally went on strike in massive numbers.
Kellyanne Conway Spectacularly Self-Owns With Reason For Not Quitting Military Board. "Don’t let the fascist victim complex hit you on the way out," Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez responded to the former Donald Trump adviser.
Americans Still Aren't All That Scared About Terrorism. Most of the public doesn't trust either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump to make the country safer.
I'm Still Here Episode 4: The Lessons Of The Oak Creek Massacre. Five years after the Oak Creek massacre, what have we learned about hate?
Here's Who Voters Would Pick If They Got A Do-Over On The Primaries. It's looking a lot like Groundhog Day.
Would Donald Trump's Own Surrogates Accept The Legitimacy Of A Trump Win?. After all their talk of rigged votes, it's a surprisingly difficult question to answer.
Martin O'Malley Aims To Set The Bar On Criminal Justice With Comprehensive Reform Plan. The proposal is the most detailed offering by any candidate so far.
In Israel's Hour of Need, Neocons Want to Divest. NJDC rejects the notion that the United States should divest itself of investments in Israel's security. Israel is one of the very few places where Democrats find common ground with Republicans these days, and that agreement is good for our country, good for our community and good for Israel.
GOP Plots Ways To Fight FCC's Net Neutrality Rules.
Hillary Clinton: Calling Trump Supporters ‘Deplorables’ Handed Him ‘A Political Gift’. Clinton gave her first major TV interview since the 2016 presidential race, ahead of the release of her new book reflecting on her election defeat.
Capito Elected As The First Female Senator From West Virginia.
Equal Pay for Women: 5 GOP Hopefuls Who Just Don't Get It.
How Much Do They Pay You To Protest?.
Texas Teens Senseless Death Leaves A Community Waiting For Justice. Its happened again—another Black boy has been snuffed out by an overzealous, self-righteous police officer. And again, the
Taking Steps To Reduce Foreign Social Media Meddling In Our Elections. Facebook admits the number of people exposed to manipulative Russian antics ballooned to about 126 million.
There's A Deadly Problem With Our Water Hardly Anyone's Talking About. The CDC says cases of Legionnaires' disease have quadrupled in the last 15 years. But the easiest fix remains strictly voluntary.
Judge Rules Utah Must Recognize Same Sex Parents On Child's Birth Certificate. The couple sued after hospital staff refused to list both moms on birth certificate after their child was born.
The 'Next Flint' Could Already Be Happening For 4 Million Americans. A new analysis shows that utilities in small, rural communities are often skipping crucial tests of their water supplies.
President Trump’s Loose Lips Could End His Presidency. Trump's inability to abide by process and decorum won him the White House, but they may also be his undoing.
GOP Gov. Larry Hogan Slams His Party's Division Over 'Fealty To The Dear Leader'. “It just bothers me that you have to swear fealty to the dear leader or get kicked out of the party," the Maryland governor said of Liz Cheney's likely ouster.
GOP Donor Meg Whitman Indicates She'll Likely Support Clinton: Sources. Republican donor Meg Whitman, the high-profile Hewlett PackardEnterprise president and CEO, indicated at Mitt Romney's closed
Oregon Politician Said Educated Women Aren't 'Susceptible' To Abuse. It was moments after the governor said she was a domestic violence survivor herself.
Archie Parnell Wins Democratic Primary In Race To Flip South Carolina District. The special election is another test of the backlash against Donald Trump.
Senators Blame Comey For Not Standing Up To Trump. Some are saying he should have refused to listen to the president in a private setting.
Immigration Activists Say Deportation Raids Could Send Families To Their Deaths. Protesters want Obama to call off the reported plans for raids and Clinton to speak out against them.
Joe Biden Told Colleague He 'Didn’t Have The Balls' To Back Bin Laden Raid. David Axelrod's memoir contradicts the VP's latest account of that night.
Of the 17,891 Deaths from Terrorism Last Year, 19 Were American. Let Iraqis Fight ISIS.. The reality of the war against terrorism is that since 2001, the U.S. has weakened groups like Al-Qaeda, but "hasn't wiped any out" according to a recent Washington Post article.
House Democrats Demanded Action On Guns, But Americans Kept Killing Each Other. These 10 fatal incidents help illustrate just how prevalent gun violence is.
War Pay. Another good year for weapons makers is guaranteed.
Paul LePage May Skip State Of The State Address Amid Talk Of Impeachment. "I'll send them a letter and we'll call it a day."
Reflections On Newtown, Five Years Later. I love Newtown. I love the people. I love the landscape. I love the annual Labor Day parade. I love it more now, having watched
As Global Policy Moves To Expand Digital Rights, U.S Faces Crucial Fight Over Equal Access To The Internet. By: Karin Deutsch Karlekar and Christopher Hamlin In 2013, inventor of the internet Tim Berners Lee reflected, “When you
Charlottesville Shrouds Its Confederate Statues In Black To Mourn Heather Heyer. It's the city's way of honoring the woman killed during a white nationalist rally.
If The Republican Convention Were A Movie, It Would Be One Of These. "Angry White Man," anyone?
Donald Trump Was Offered A Real Estate Deal In Dubai Just A Few Days Ago. He declined the offer.
Jan. 6 Committee Votes To Hold Ex-Trump Official Jeffrey Clark In Contempt. Trump considered installing Clark as his attorney general in the desperate waning days of his presidency.
Democratic Governors Vow To Hold The Line Against Donald Trump. Washington Gov. Jay Inslee (D) says they'll be "a beacon of hope to the extent there is darkness coming out of Washington, D.C."
What Was Left Of The Moderate Republican Party Just Died In South Carolina. Marco Rubio may win over less extreme GOP voters, but he's plenty extreme.
Lawmaker Kills Bill Aimed At Selling Off 3.3 Million Acres of Public Land. It's a win for conservation, but the battle isn't over.
Most Republican Voters Think Their Party Has Too Many Candidates. GOP voters are happy with their choices, but they wouldn't mind having fewer of them.
Of King Canute And The Supermoon. How a brilliant real estate developer can halt the incoming tides. The story is that in the Middle Ages, Canute the Great
Debating Militancy In Post-2003 Iraq.
An FBI Agent Did A Pretty Terrible Job Of Pretending To Be A Journalist. While impersonating an Associated Press reporter, an operative failed to use AP style.
Trump Is So Desperate For Social Media He's Suing Facebook, Twitter And YouTube. The former president said he’s seeking “potentially trillions of dollars” in damages.
1 In 9 Of Donald Trump's Tweets Is A Diss. We're not the least bit surprised.
BYU Faces Federal Complaint Over Claim It's Punishing A Rape Victim. "They’re saying they can’t prove that a rape happened, so they can’t provide the services they would provide to a rape victim," student Madi Barney says.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Everything You Need To Know About Trump's Supreme Court Nominee. Neil Gorsuch is considered an heir to Scalia's legacy.
Jared Kushner's Younger Brother Had Vowed To #MarchForOurLives. And He Did.. Josh Kushner, who reportedly donated $50,000 to the student-led protest march, was spotted at the rally in D.C.
Internet Swoons Over Melania Trump 'Impostor' Theory. Take a deep breath. It's her.
Super PAC Backing Jeb Bush Unlikely To Hit $100 Million By End Of June.
‘M.A.S.H.’ Actor Mike Farrell Discusses Ending The Death Penalty In America (Audio). In this week’s episode of “Scheer Intelligence,” Robert Scheer talks with former “M.A.S.H.” actor Mike Farrell about his
Preparing For Doomsday. The nation that is most capable of inflicting a genuine doomsday scenario on the world is also the one best prepared to ride out such an event.
Not Enough Doctors Are Treating Heroin Addiction With A Life-Saving Drug. Opioid Abuse Rates Outpace Treatment Capacity 2 to 1
Mitch McConnell's Hollow Promise Not To Shut Down The Government Again.
Sen. Mark Kirk Says President Obama Is 'Acting Like The Drug Dealer In Chief'. The GOP senator called a $400 million payment to Iran "ransom."
Budget Chief Raises Possibility Of Trump Agreeing To Obamacare Subsidy Deal. Is the president about to flip-flop again?
Why Hillary Clinton Could Be The Best President Ever, For Africa. In 1997, First Lady Hillary Clinton went on a six country tour of Africa with Chelsea in tow. The tour included South Africa
GOP Senator: 'No Basis' For Republicans To Block Obama's SCOTUS Nominee. Sen. Susan Collins said she reread the Constitution just to make sure.
Child Calls Out Nigel Farage Over His Immigration Stance On Live British TV. “My mummy says you hate foreigners.”
Racism Has No Place In Jury Deliberations, Supreme Court Finds. Judges can scrutinize verdicts when jurors may have let racial biases taint decisions, the court says.
Donald Trump: North Korea Sanctions 'Nothing Compared To What Will Have To Happen'. “We think it’s just another very small step, not a big deal."
Obama Administration Calls For 12 Million Acre 'Wilderness' Area In Arctic Refuge.
Dear, Boy Scout Leaders: Apology Not Accepted. These kids need people with conviction and principles leading them forward.
Claire McCaskill Shotgunned A Beer When Todd Akin Won The GOP Primary. "We laughed until we cried," she writes.
Hillary Clinton Wants To Bring Back The '90s Economy. Here's What She's Missing.. It's all about the Federal Reserve.
Man Who Jumped Over White House Fence Faces Charges. WASHINGTON, Nov 26 (Reuters) - A man who jumped the White House fence on Thursday, triggering a lockdown of the presidential
The UK Election: US Lessons. American observers of UK politics would do well to see the U.S. parallels here. The dilemma facing the UK Labour Party is basically the one faced by Democratic presidential candidates as they seek victory in 2016. If either major UK political party fails to find its way, the US stands poised to lose its most reliable European ally.
Does Pharma Have a Constitutional Right to Push Dangerous Drugs?. Let's hope that the continuing string of Pharma outrages and scandals provokes a righteous and effective backlash. We are fighting the wrong war on drugs. Containing Pharma should be our number one public health priority.
Political Street Theater: How to Organize a Die-In to Protest Attacks on Medicaid, Affordable Care Act and Other Safety Net Programs. Street protests are back. And they come in various forms: the march, the rally, the prayer service, the vigil. And, that
HuffPost Headline Quiz: Jan. 6 to Jan. 12. How well do you know the week's top stories?
Where The Work-For-Welfare Movement Is Heading. A movement to cut and restrict welfare programs is being driven by the conversation at the federal level. But in the coming
Go Run! How to Close the Gender Gap in Politics by Encouraging Young Girls to Consider Careers in Public Service. It is only a start in how the electorate of this nation can start to change the dynamics of our political system. It also places the power to close the gender gap in politics in the hands of the people.
Tennessee Judge Upholds State's Lethal Injection Process. The judge ruled that the plaintiffs, 33 death row inmates, didn't prove that the one-drug method led to a painful and lingering death.
Let's Take the High Road. Fast forward to today and we have a Highway Trust Fund with just 15 days of money left to function. Just like in 1955, anti-tax zealots have been trumping common sense and the nation's future on blatantly political grounds.
Emails Show FBI Saddened, Stunned By Comey's Firing, Contradicting Trump's Claims. "He made us better when we needed it the most," one former FBI colleague said.
Jared Kushner Keeps Failing To Disclose Connections With Russians. Leaked documents reveal that one of Kushner's business associates helped Kremlin-backed financial institutions invest in Facebook and Twitter.
Monday's Morning Email: Stormy Daniels opens up about Trump. Trump 'knows I'm telling the truth'
See The Latest Updates On Elections From Around The Nation.
If We Save AmeriCorps, It May End Up Saving Us. Like most Americans my age, I remember exactly what I was doing when the World Trade Centers went down on 9/11. I was just
Guns Killed At Least 80 People The Week Prior To Elliot Rodger's Rampage.
Trump Tells Australia Prime Minister That He 'Hates Taking' Refugees. He also was wrong about key details of the deal he was disparaging.
Sunday Roundup. This week, all eyes were on Ferguson, Missouri, where unarmed black teenager Michael Brown was fatally shot by a white police officer. Further inflaming matters was the way largely peaceful protests of the shooting were met with tear gas and armored vehicles (and the arrest of journalists, including HuffPost's Ryan Reilly). This hyper-aggressive response raised bipartisan alarm about the militarization of America's police forces, which have received $4.3 billion in military hardware -- including 435 armored vehicles and 93,763 machine guns -- since 2006. This arms buildup partially grew out of the War on Drugs, which has largely become a war on young black and brown men; 50 percent of those impacted by SWAT raids are black and Latino. Though Missouri Highway Patrol Captain Ron Johnson helped restore calm to Ferguson by boldly replacing pointed assault rifles with hugs, handshakes and active listening, the simmering issues of race and how we police our communities cry out for a larger national conversation.
School Meals Can Save A Life And Change The World. What is the greatest gift you have ever received? For Thomas Awiapo, it was the gift that saved his life. Thomas was orphaned
7 States Carried By Trump Will Be Hit Hard By Proposed Border Tax, Report Shows. However, the tax would harm all 50 states, the report said.
President Obama Weighs In On The Seahawks Secondary And Deflategate.
Hedge Fund Bets Bilked Kentuckians Out Of Their Pensions, Lawsuit Says. Three hedge funds allegedly benefited from decisions that helped impoverish Kentucky's state pension system.
St. Louis Police Pepper-Spray Protesters At Late-Night Demonstration.
Scott Walker’s Canadian Wall Idea Is An Absurd Solution To A Real Problem. A 2010 government report found only 32 miles of the northern border had "an acceptable level of security."
Billionaire GOP Donor: I’m Using My Tax-Cut Money To Help Elect Democrats. "For the good of the country, the Democrats must take back one or both houses of Congress.”
Health Providers Brace For More Cuts To Medicare In Puerto Rico. MAYAGÜEZ, P.R. — The first visible sign that the health care system in Puerto Rico was seriously in trouble was when a
Bringing California Home. It’s a little early to be checking “done” on the last big task of the Assembly’s to do list, but we’ve taken a major step
Exploding Inequality Is Threatening Our Democracy. If democracy is to endure, it's time for the non-elites to recognize that class warfare is being waged against them and rigorously fight back. It isn't just their material well-being that's at stake, it is also their freedom and our democracy.
Year After Death, Michael Brown Lies In Relative Obscurity. There is no headstone marking his grave.
Anthony Weiner Hired By A Crisis Communications Firm. "He is a brilliant strategist [with] expertise on many issues."
Retired General Schools Ivanka Trump After She Complains About Child Fitness. "Ummm ... there's this thing called the President's Council of Fitness, Sport and Nutrition," said Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling.
The Campaign Everyone Should Be Talking About - No, Not Hilary's. A republic which remains unchecked by the people it was intended to represent is in no form a republic. Because of the people of Maine, in November, America will witness a decision handed down not by the government or special interests, but by the people.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Marco Rubio, John McCain Face Challengers In Primaries. Both incumbents are expected to prevail, but will face tougher general election fights.
Biden Shows A Simple Way To Silence Trump’s Conspiracy Theories Once And For All. The Democratic presidential nominee shuts up Trump in a new ad.
Here’s Why Mental Health Care Is A Real Issue In This Presidential Campaign. “Mental health should be treated as part of health care, and should be available to all people," Bernie Sanders said.
Don't Forget The Progressive Victories That Came Out Of An Otherwise Crappy Year. Congress has more women of color than ever, and a record number of Americans have health insurance.
J.D. Vance, Trump's Pick In Ohio, Wins GOP Senate Primary. The "Hillbilly Elegy" author snatched the GOP nomination with Donald Trump's help — the first major test of the former president's endorsement power in the midterms.
Insurance 101 For Paul Ryan: The Healthy Are Supposed To Help Pay For The Sick. Obamacare is in a "death spiral" because the insured are sharing the risk, explains congressman.
Sen. Marco Rubio Booed At School Shooting Town Hall As He Refuses To Reject NRA Funds. The simple questions were the most devastating as Florida students and supporters sought answers.
Super PACs That Meddled In West Virginia’s Senate Primary Didn’t Receive A Penny From West Virginians. The outside groups can spend big to alter election outcomes, but don't have to disclose donors until after the voting.
Baby Pope Wins Halloween At The White House. "Top prize goes to Lil' Pope."
Donald Trump Doesn't Want Protesters To Get Hurt If Cameras Are Around. "Don't hurt him ... I say that for the television cameras," Trump said.
Fight Over Trump’s CIA Nominee Who Helped Oversee Torture May Hinge On Democrats. If they unite, they could have the power to block Gina Haspel from getting the job. Will they?
Islamic Scholars Approve Visit to Jerusalem. A visit to Jerusalem by everyone and anyone that can is a small first step in the direction of showing solidarity with the city and its Palestinian Arab heroes.
Everything You Need To Know About Scott Pruitt's Condo. For six months last year, Pruitt rented a Capitol Hill condo at below-market rates from the wife of a prominent energy lobbyist.
Trump Proclaims 'Everybody Wants To Work In The White House' As Several Top Aides Leave. After Gary Cohn resigned Tuesday, Trump boasted -- without evidence, again -- about “many people wanting the job.”
Mike Huckabee Jokingly Breaks Campaign Finance Law In 2016 Announcement.
FCC Approves A New 3-Digit Suicide Hotline. When the rule is finalized, people struggling with suicidal thoughts will be able to get help by dialing 988.
Joe Biden Says He Never Heard Anything Like 'Grab Them By The P***y' In Locker Rooms. "I was a pretty good athlete in high school, college. I don't ever remember that kind of locker room talk, never."
Push For Policing Reforms Expected In Upcoming Legislative Sessions. “I think we have a huge opportunity, the moment is here."
The Supreme Court Just Nixed A Rule That Made It Easier To Hold Cops Liable. The so-called "provocation rule" can't be used against police officers in excessive force cases.
Why Pediatricians Are So Upset That Trump Rescinded DACA. They don’t deserve to have their health and safety endangered.
No Federal Charges For Former Cop Who Killed Man With Mental Illness. Christopher Manney shot Dontre Hamilton 14 times in April of last year.
Tonight's GOP Debate In Miami Can't Possibly Top Last Week's Circus.... ... Can it?
Deadly Tornadoes Lash Louisiana And Mississippi; Nearly 200 Homes Destroyed. At least 30 people were injured.
Hundreds Of American Planes Have Had Close Calls With Drones. On Sunday, a swarm of small rogue drones disrupted air traffic across the country on a scale previously unseen in U.S. skies
There Are A Lot More Jobs. But That Isn't Helping Democrats For One Key Reason.. People aren't making more money.
Missouri Democrats Filibuster GOP-Backed LGBT Discrimination Amendment. The Democratic caucus began the filibuster at 4 p.m. on Monday and members said they planned to continue until Wednesday.
Trump Says He Stands With Hurricane Victims He's Ignored For Months. "You have to conclude he just doesn’t care and probably thinks of Puerto Rico as just another shithole country.”
JPMorgan Chief Admits CEOs Quitting Trump’s Business Councils Was A Sideshow. Jamie Dimon says the resignations after Charlottesville shouldn't alter the business community's core relationship with Trump.
Megyn Kelly On Donald Trump: ‘I Have Done My Level Best To Not Make This Story About Me’. Over the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, Megyn Kelly has been called a few choice names by Donald Trump.
Gainesville Mayor On Richard Spencer: 'There's No Question That He Is A Terrorist Leader'. His frank assessment comes as Spencer prepares to give a speech at the University of Florida.
Arnold Schwarzenegger Tears Into Donald Trump Over Paris Climate Deal Withdrawal. "We can’t sit back and just do nothing while people are getting sick and dying."
Veterans Groups Completely Unload On Sen. Richard Burr.
New Technologies Give Government Ample Means to Track Suspects, Study Finds. WASHINGTON — For more than two years the F.B.I. and intelligence agencies have warned that encrypted communications are creating
Damaged Democrats: Can They Recover?. When you consider what has been happening to the average working person since the era of Ronald Reagan, it's amazing that the Republicans have fought the Democrats about to a draw. The recipe of Reagan and both Bushes has been to weaken government, undermine the regulation of market excesses, attack core social insurance programs, tilt the tax system away from the wealthy and towards the middle class, gut the safeguards that protect workers on the job, make college ever more unaffordable, and appoint judges who undermine democracy itself. That stuff is not exactly popular. Yet Democrats seem largely unable to convert Republican elitism to their advantage.
GOP Rep. Mark Walker Calls Female Colleagues 'Eye Candy' At Press Event. He later tells CNN he regrets his "flippant remark."
The Democrat Responding To Trump's Big Speech Has A Warning For The President. Choosing Steve Beshear to reply to Trump's first congressional address is a sign Democrats think they can win the Obamacare battle.
Ron DeSantis Signals Support For Woman Who Stole Fetal Remains From D.C. Clinic. The Florida governor repeated the lie that the fetal remains were the size of "basically infants."
'They're Hiding Things': Sanjay Gupta Reveals What Trump's Doctors Aren't Saying. CNN’s chief medical correspondent says it's "very hard to trust or believe” Trump's medical team right now.
A Call for Adult Civility in the First Presidential Debate.
The U.S. and Israel Are Preemptively Discrediting The UN's Report On The Gaza War.
Cinderella, A Hot Dog And A Mini-Donald Trump Just Became U.S. Citizens. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services held a Halloween-themed naturalization ceremony for kids. It was very cute.
Presbyterians Divest from the Israeli Occupation: The End of the Beginning?. If there is to be a just resolution, some sufficiently potent other groups of people will have to effectively weigh in on the side of the Palestinian victims of occupation.
What You Need To Know About Super Tuesday. Thirteen states vote Tuesday in presidential primaries or caucuses -- the most in 2016.
WTF? Inauguration Photo Features Embarrassing Trump-Style Misspelling. A challenge "to" great for the Trump administration: spelling.
Deputy Suspended Over Leaked Airport Shooting Video. Investigators are looking into whether the deputy was paid by a news outlet.
Hillary To Jewish Donors: I'll Be A Better Friend To Israel Than Obama.
New Law Restricts University Of Tennessee's Ability To Support Sex Week. It also makes it harder for UT to teach students about gender-neutral pronouns.
Jared Kushner Speaks After Closed-Door Questioning In Russia Probe. Democratic senators called on him to face public questioning.
Americans See The Candidates' Focus As Out Of Step With Their Own Priorities. People are most worried about the economy, but don’t think Clinton or Trump cares as much.
Child Brides Join Push To Raise Marriage Age. A number of states are considering bills that would raise the age to get married, with sponsors hoping to protect girls from
Trump Calls Bergdahl Sentence A Disgrace To Country And Military. A Fort Bragg military judge on Friday sentenced the U.S. soldier to a dishonorable discharge, fined him $10,000 and reduced his rank from sergeant to private.
Ukrainian President Criticizes Trump, U.S. Officials For Spreading Misinformation. In a sprawling interview with Time and European media, President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed Trump, impeachment, Vladimir Putin and more.
Is TPP a "Living" Document?. Congress is responsible for managing major government policies year-by-year, as our experience and goals evolve. How does that work in the case of huge trade deals like the Trans-Pacific partnership (TPP)?
Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax Compares Himself To George Floyd, Emmett Till. The Democratic candidate for governor, who has rejected allegations of sexual assault, said he has been denied due process like other Black men in history.
GOP Committee Members Take First Vote To Protect Trump's Conflicts of Interest. Rep. Jason Chaffetz led a vote to block what he called a "gotcha amendment."
Sen. Jeff Merkley Stages All-Night Protest On Senate Floor Against Gorsuch Nomination. "This assault on our democracy demands as robust a resistance as we can possibly mount."
Stormy Daniels Wants To Return The $130,000 And End Her Silence. If Trump accepts the deal, the actress would be free to publish any text messages, photos and videos she has of the president.
2 Women Accuse Democratic Assemblyman Of Sexual Harassment And Assault. Matt Dababneh allegedly forced a woman to watch him masturbate in January 2016.
Bernie Sanders To Hold Comeback Rally Across From Nation's Largest Public Housing Complex. The location, in the shadow of New York's dirtiest power plant, is a deliberate choice by the senator and his campaign.
Take A Look Behind The Scenes Of The Secret Service. They're always in the background.
Pennsylvania Becomes Latest State To Fund Urban Gun Violence Prevention. Just seven states directly invest in programs designed to address shootings in cities. But that movement may be growing.
Joe Biden: Russian Election-Meddling 'Will Occur Again, I Promise You'. "The purpose is clear: to collapse the liberal international order."
Facebook's New Ad Rules Prove It's Basically In Charge Of Regulating Elections Now. Sure, this seems like the kind of thing a private company should be in charge of. Welcome to the Facebook Election Commission.
What It's Like To Be On Food Stamps And Prove You're Looking For Work. Hint: It's a bit bureaucratic.
Hillary Clinton Has 'No Interest' In Running Negative Ads Against Bernie Sanders. She also said "Bernie," which for her was a rare mention of his name.
Friday Talking Points -- Media Missing A Big Point On Trump's Muslim Ban. Before we launch in to this week's screed, we're going to shamelessly begin with a plug. Yesterday, we published a first
Draw Your Weapon.
Missouri Congresswoman: Eric Greitens 'Is Unfit To Lead Our State'. Rep. Ann Wagner, a Republican, joins a chorus of Missouri politicians speaking out against the governor in light of allegations of sexual misconduct.
Facing History In The Age Of Trump. He’s scary. His supporters are scary. But he comes in a context.
Environmental Groups Look Forward To A Long Two (Or More) Years Of A GOP Congress.
Trump's Lewd Comments Don't Seem To Be Hurting Down-Ballot Republicans. So maybe that rush to finally denounce him did the trick.
Budweiser's 'Immigration' Super Bowl Ad Triggers Boycott Threat. "We don't need your beer, your opinions, and your illegal immigrants."
Hillary Clinton Decides The World Is Wide Enough For Both 'Hamilton' And The Rest Of Her Speech. Work!
Bernie Sanders To Supporters: It’s Hillary Or Bust. At the Democratic National Convention, Sanders said he would do "everything" he could to make sure Clinton becomes president.
Donald Trump Is Treating His Supreme Court Decision Like 'Celebrity Apprentice'. The two judges in the running are headed to the capital.
If Clinton Wins, Can She Negotiate Deal With Congress To Fix Ports And Boost Economy?. Hillary Clinton has made as a centerpiece of her economic plan a stimulus package focused on rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure
McFadden Wins Race To Challenge Franken.
Friday's Morning Email: The Russia Rundown: Sessions' Recusal. What this means for investigations moving forward.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On December 4. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Donald Trump On New York Bombing: 'I Called It Before The News'. "I should be a newscaster," he boasts.
2 Ohio Cities To Vote on Expanding Early Childhood Education. Cincinnati and Dayton could be indicators of a larger national trend.
Trump's Lawyer Threatens To File Complaints Against Comey. The president has a long history of threatening legal action against his perceived enemies.
Obama Administration Approves Plan To Make Prison Phone Calls More Affordable. "Today’s vote will never make up for the inactions of the past, but it is my hope that the order will finally bring relief to those that have waited for so long."
Pulling the Princes From Their Thrones. It is the time of year to think about the Christmas story, even if the main characters are a bit on the radical side. It is good to remember as we fight the battles of today that common-sense and basic justice have always sounded a little radical, especially to those in power.
Cambridge Analytica Being Investigated By Justice Department, FBI: Report. News of the investigation comes two months after the company was accused of harvesting 87 million Facebook users’ personal data.
Dem Rep. Totally Nails Why Congress Is Falling Short On Gender, Racial Equality. "Can we pass equal pay laws and give women control of their own health-care decisions when women represent just 20 percent of Congress?"
Chris Christie Endorses Donald Trump In Surprise Announcement. He said Trump is the GOP's best shot at defeating Hillary Clinton.
A Country Divided. Calls for presidential impeachment have cast a shadow over most modern-day presidents. However, the chorus of impeachers seems louder in the past year.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Finally Gets Some Love In Philadelphia. The ousted Democratic National Committee chair got a hero's welcome from supporters gathered near the party convention.
Ted Cruz Is Doing Well In Iowa, But The Race Is Not Tied. Trump is probably still ahead, because math.
Totally Not Drunk New Mexico Governor Chastises Cops For Breaking Up Her Hotel Party. They were just eating pizza, you see.
Trump Suggests Russia Probe Investigate Clinton Amid Reports Of Grand Jury. “What the prosecutors should be looking at are Hillary Clinton’s 33,000 deleted emails.”
Scott Walker Leaks Reveal Internal Workings Of A Broken Campaign Finance System. This is what a post-Citizens United world looks like.
Ted Cruz Saw A Massive Last-Minute Surge In Louisiana. Here's What That Could Mean.. The Texas senator increasingly looks like Donald Trump's main rival for the nomination.
Another Open Letter To Betsy DeVos From A Public School Teacher. Who are you serving?
Sorry, Everyone -- Joe Arpaio Is Not Running For Governor.
Obama Jokes That There Could Be Another 'Pot Smoking Socialist' In The White House.
Marco Rubio’s Sudden Support For Rex Tillerson Could Cement Flip-Flopper Image. The move calms the foreign policy establishment, but may hurt the senator's own political future.
Wednesday's Morning Email: GOP Lawmakers Face Testy Town Halls. It's 2009 all over again.
Chris Christie Falsely Claims Donald Trump Stopped Being A Birther Years Ago. The evidence says otherwise.
We Can't Just Get Rid Of Confederate Statues. We Have To Get Rid Of What They Stand For.. The stone forms may be destroyed, but the belief system that acted as an invisible scaffolding supporting their weight will remain intact.
Sunday Roundup. With the nation mourning the victims of the Charleston church massacre and observing the 150th anniversary of Juneteenth, the June 16th commemoration of slave emancipation, there's no better time to confront the toxic influences of racism and easy access to guns that came together this week. "We can't accept events like this as routine," said President Obama. Actually, that was what he said after Newtown, several mass shootings ago. This time the president was, rightfully, angrier and wearier. "I've had to make statements like this too many times," he said, noting that "at some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries." That reckoning should happen now -- right now -- even as the Confederate flag continues to shamefully fly at full mast above the South Carolina state house.
Trump Fumes Over Michael Cohen Raid: 'Attorney-Client Privilege Is Dead'. Experts are pushing back on Trump's claim about the legal privilege.
President Obama And Hillary Clinton Met For Lunch At The White House. Press Secretary Josh Earnest said it was "mostly a social occasion."
Killer Mike Delivers Powerful Endorsement Of Bernie Sanders. The rapper-activist said Sanders "has spent the last 50 years radically fighting for your rights and mine."
10 American Facts You Can Use To Ruin Any July 4 Party. Just in case you want to be *that* person.
In Our Wars, Are We Captain Kirk Or Malign Aliens?. Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In the early 1950s, my father ran a gas station on Governors Island, a military base in
New Hampshire Was A Very Good Night For Ted Cruz. Watch this guy.
Feds Consider Civil Rights Probe Of Deadly Jail Run By Trump Ally Sheriff David Clarke. Four people -- including a newborn baby -- have died at Milwaukee County Jail since April.
The United Debacle Shows Airlines Have Given Up On The Free Market. The airline industry is hurtling toward monopoly.
Hillary Clinton’s Complex Embodiment Of Shirley Chisholm’s Legacy. "Chisholm showed that a woman -- and not just any woman, but a woman of color -- could be a serious contender for the presidency."
Activists Held Funeral For 'American Dream' After Trump Revealed Immigration Deal. “For so many folks in our communities, these matters are life and death... We are hoping that our legislators will understand that too."
U.S. Military Cancels Hearing For 9/11 Suspects. Another setback for government efforts to try the five men being held at Guantanamo.
Voter Suppression Is Happening Everywhere. This Institute Is Trying To Stop It.. The Supreme Court has left a major hole in the Voting Rights Act, but attorneys and law students are hoping to fill it.
Don't Prejudge Mueller Or Trump. One of the longstanding and unsettled arguments in civil society is whether skepticism is a virtue or a vice. Skepticism
The Transportation Crisis: It's About Priorities, Not Just Money. Even as gas tax revenues dip, however, our transportation policy remains largely focused toward building ever more and wider highways, instead of serving the full array of America's emerging transportation needs.
Georgia Republican Is Furious More People Will Get To Vote In Upcoming Election. She accused Democrats of trying to "deceive" an election.
What A Year This Month Has Been. There was a lot of news in April 2018. See what you forgot about.
Repealing Obamacare With No Replacement Will Cause Chaos, Obama's Health Chief Warns. Republicans want us to trust they can come up with something better in two years. The insurance market could collapse while we wait.
Subtle Trump? (And Not Just About...). The Donald, The Klan, and The Party Formerly Known as Lincoln's.
Rudy Giuliani Calls Getting Trump Through Robert Mueller's Questions 'A Nightmare'. The president unsurprisingly claimed he answered the questions "very easily."
Laura Ingraham Says 'Liberals Are Kind Of Like Herpes' At CPAC. The Fox News host was riffing off a Tim Allen quote about the Clintons.
Trump Says He's Shocked By All The 'Meanness Out There'. The president admits the combativeness of his White House 'could be my fault.'
Anger At Donald Trump Could Break The Democrats' Midterm Curse. “A lot of Trump’s core supporters aren’t going anywhere, but you start seeing demoralization among working people."
Prioritizing Human Security: Delivering a United Nations That Prevents Atrocities. If the United States is to demonstrate its commitment to preventing atrocities, beyond mere rhetoric, it must lead by example and take decisive action to ensure the elimination of the veto power in atrocity situations. Taking up the cause of France's proposal would be a good next step.
Dreamer Targeted By Donald Trump's Deportation Force To Be Freed After Nearly 2 Months. Daniel Ramirez Medina spent several weeks in detention, even though he has no criminal record.
Nearly 200 People In The Music Industry Call On Congress To Take Action On Gun Control. They argue that the celebration of music "is threatened, because of gun violence in this country."
Harry Reid To Obama: 'Mr. President, I Wish You Could Hear Yourself'. Obama's defense of the CIA sparked the vigorous response from the Senate Democratic leader.
Anderson Cooper Shares 'The Sad Fact' About Mass Shootings In The U.S.. The CNN anchor showed a map detailing mass shootings in the last month alone, reeling off the killings one by one.
Cities Throw Shade At Rising Heat. To cool the “urban heat islands” that they’ve become, cities are planting trees and more trees. By Mindy Fetterman Rudy Lane
San Francisco To Get A Record $100 Million To Fight Homelessness. The initiative aims to reduce chronic homelessness by 50 percent within five years.
In A Devastated Puerto Rican Landscape, Getting By On Tenacity, Patience And The Kindness Of Neighbors. Without television, phone, or radio, Alicea’s life in this remote, rural corner of Puerto Rico has become even more solitary
How Giving Homes To The Homeless Reduces Homelessness.
Won’t Someone Please Think About The Litter?!. The propaganda technique Trump supporters use to criticize protestors and ignore the issues they’re protesting
This Is The Conservative Machine That Put Neil Gorsuch On The Supreme Court. Washington insiders gave Donald Trump the biggest win in his otherwise chaotic presidency.
George H.W. Bush Reached Out To Nikki Haley After State Of The Union. They didn't discuss her chances of becoming Jeb's running mate, though.
Here’s How To Sign Up For Obamacare, Now That Trump's Not Fully Promoting It. The role of educating people about the health care law shifts to the media as the enrollment deadline nears.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Resigns As Democratic Party Chair. The Florida congresswoman had faced calls to resign for months, after Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and his supporters accused her of rigging the Democratic primaries against him.
Colin Powell Announces He Will Vote For Hillary Clinton. The former secretary of state is the latest George W. Bush administration veteran to back the Democrat.
Antonin Scalia's Death Just Cost This Company $835 Million. Dow Chemical settled a price-fixing lawsuit because it lost the late justice's vote.
Hawaii Pulls The Plug On Embattled Health Insurance Exchange.
Friday Talking Points -- Selenofriggatriskaidekaphobics Unite!. Iraq is self-destructing. This led the Wall Street Journal to call for a few airstrikes and some American paratroopers to fix the problem, because we all know how well that turned out the last time, right?
Colorado School District Takes 'Proactive Approach' To Security, Buys 10 Assault Weapons. The district security director was able to make the purchase without consulting the school board.
Voters Say Donald Trump Is The Most Authentic New Yorker. But there are big divisions by party.
Students Protesting Conservative Rewrite Of History Get Big Endorsement.
The Speech That Could Make Elizabeth Warren the Next President of the United States. Elizabeth Warren represents a new politics in which, by challenging the power of the oligarchy, she has the potential of reclaiming the white working class for Democrats and uniting them with the coalition of professionals, single women, gays and minorities who elected Obama.
Cop Placed On Leave After Police Crash Pool Party, Pull Gun On Teens.
Friday's Morning Email: Inside The Voucher Schools Championed By Betsy DeVos. And bankrolled by taxpayer money.
Bernie Sanders Delegates Are Mad As Hell At The DNC, And Wondering What's Next. Some say they won't vote for Hillary Clinton -- and won't take the blame if Donald Trump wins.
White House Slams Russia For Trying To Cover Up Assad’s Chemical Attacks. Senior officials also suggest Russia must have known about the latest gas attack ahead of time.
The Supreme Court Could Use A Good Public Defender. Judge Jane Kelly is still available, should the next president be listening.
Harry Reid Wants Donald Trump To Take The Naturalization Test. "He would almost certainly fail."
Secret Service 'In Crisis,' New Breaches Revealed. A man masquerading as a member of Congress walked into a secure backstage area without being properly screened and spoke
Lawyer Who Ranted Against Spanish-Speakers Faces Office Eviction, Disciplinary Complaint. He's been hounded by reporters and may get a surprise serenade from a mariachi band.
HUFFPOST HILL - Jason Chaffetz Undoubtedly Preparing 11-Hour Grilling Of Mike Pence. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Mike Pence used
Trump's Unwillingness To Directly Denounce White Supremacy Grows Conspicuous. The White House issued a statement clarifying his response to Saturday's violence -- but it didn't come from him.
New York Assembly Launches Impeachment Probe Into Andrew Cuomo. “The reports of accusations concerning the governor are serious,” Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie said.
Senate Dems Try To Shift Focus From Syrian Refugees By Backing Visa Waiver Limits. Following the Paris attacks, some Democrats wanted to support measures that don't go after refugees.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Hillary Clinton Could Benefit From Motivating Unlikely Voters. She leads among those who say they aren't planning to vote.
Friday's Morning Email: Obamacare Repeal Fails In GOP-Controlled Senate. And here are the three Republican senators who made that possible.
Fox News Host Jesse Watters Finally Gets In Trouble For Something. Insulting Asian-Americans and homeless people is fine, but making a joke about Ivanka Trump is too much.
GOP Operative Quits Trump Campaign Just Two Weeks Into The Job. He said working for Trump was an "interesting experience."
Trump Aide Suggests CNN's Kellyanne Conway Interview Was Sexist. “Why Kellyanne? Why be so aggressive with her and not with me? Hard to answer.”
Sen. Jeff Sessions Endorses Donald Trump For President. Donald Trump won another major endorsement Sunday, surprising the political world when he walked onto the stage for a rally
M.L.K. Day 2017: A Time for Principled Defiance. This Martin Luther King Day is an especially important time for us to celebrate and emulate the principled defiance of Dr
Yes, Delay on Passing Immigration Reform Does Cost Us $37 Million Per Day. Today, the Washington Post ran a "Fact Checker" story on CAP's estimate and gave it two Pinocchios. We believe their conclusions were incorrect by missing the forest for the trees.
Joe Biden Endorses Hillary Clinton For President. "God willing, it'll be Secretary Clinton."
Trump National Security Aide Claimed Hillary Spied On Her By Helicopter. We’ve become acutely aware, since November 8, of the circus troupe that has been assembled into what is ostensibly a cabinet
House Passes 56th Obamacare Repeal.
Millennials Descend On Lawmaker's Office To Complain About Abortion Bill, Get Directions To Bar.
Putting Disadvantaged Americans Back to Work is the American Thing to do. Though the task may seem daunting, there is a way to turn around our country's widespread unemployment and underemployment. The answer is actually right in front of us. Our nation's vast network of transportation systems is a key component to putting Americans back to work.
Trump Reaches Out To Lawmakers On Healthcare As Another Says 'No'. Five Republican senators have announced they will not support the bill in its current form.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On May 5. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Prison Publication Will Get BOP Documents And $420K. Fourteen years ago, the nonprofit monthly magazine Prison Legal News filed a Freedom of Information Act request asking the
Montana Lawmakers Say 'Environmental Extremists' To Blame For Wildfires. Asked about the role of climate change, Sen. Steve Daines said "the climate has always been changing."
The January Jobs Report in Pictures. Today's strong jobs report shows continuing labor-market improvement but also continuing significant "slack" -- people who are not working but want to be, or people who want to work full-time but can only find part-time jobs.  Prominent among those struggling to find work are the roughly three in 10 jobless workers who've been looking for a job for 27 weeks or longer.
Donald Trump, Who Routinely Demonized Muslims, Tries To Soften Rhetoric On Islam. But back home, he's still defending his travel ban on people from Muslim-majority countries.
The Palestinian Reconciliation Bluff. After more than seven years of deadlock, the leaders of Fatah and Hamas seem comfortably set in their ways, for they have little to lose in the event that this latest attempt at reconciling falters.
Eleventh State Adopts A Simple Reform To Get More People Registered To Vote. “It’s a rare win-win-win.”
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Owns Her 'Notorious' Nickname.
In Turkey Versus Kurds Dispute, Trump Chooses The Side Where He Has A Condo Complex. The administration is letting Turkey move into northern Syria to wipe out the Kurds, who have long fought Islamic State terrorism alongside the U.S.
Orrin Hatch Reportedly Apologizes To Rob Porter's Ex-Wives. The senator, who once employed Porter, explained why he defended him against domestic abuse allegations.
Elizabeth Warren’s Pick Wins Ohio's Democratic Gubernatorial Primary. Democrat Richard Cordray will face Republican Mike DeWine in November.
Joe Biden Gives Green Bay Packers Fan A Blunt Message For Unvaxxed Aaron Rodgers. The president told a woman in a Packers jacket to tell the quarterback one thing during a tour of tornado-hit Kentucky.
Congress Is Wrapping A Huge Gift For Private Equity Titans. Wall Street would win big with an obscure bankruptcy change.
Thursday's Morning Email: Explosions, Rising Death Toll In Harvey's Wake. Plus an aerial look at the devastation.
Elizabeth Warren Tells Senators A Liar Shouldn't Be Treasury Secretary. She and Sen. Sherrod Brown said they're pretty sure Republicans will back treasury nominee Steve Mnuchin anyway because they fear Trump.
Oakland Mayor Dings Trump After He Calls It A 'Disgrace' That She Tipped Off Immigrants. I am proud to live in a country where "everyone can criticize elected officials," said a smiling Libby Schaaf.
Mueller Team Adds Lawyer With Experience In Foreign Bribery, White-Collar Crime. Greg Andres is the 16th lawyer on the team.
Tucker Carlson Makes On-Air Plea To Swollen-Testicled Friend Of Nicki Minaj’s Cousin. The Fox News personality also issued a correction on his prime-time show's previous reporting on the rapper's unsubstantiated COVID-19 vaccine claim.
Democrats Ask DHS To Drop 'Unconscionable' Idea Of Splitting Up Families At Border. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly confirms he is considering the policy change to deter unauthorized immigration.
Eight Things You Probably Didn't Know About Mitch McConnell And Kentucky.
Kasich Wouldn't Cancel Iran Deal, Would Send Troops To Fight ISIS. Unlike some of his Republican rivals, the Ohio governor suggested that he wouldn't immediately rip up Obama’s agreement with Iran if elected president.
Ted Cruz Picks Up A Delegate In Guam. Citizens of Guam cannot vote in the general presidential election.
'Clueless' Star Stacey Dash Not Running For Congress After All. She blamed the "overall bitterness" of American politics for her decision.
Sunday Roundup. This week began with "The Horrible Call" finally deflating "Deflategate" in a thrilling Super Bowl that ended up being the most-watched program in U.S. television history. Though Patriots rookie Malcolm Butler stole the main event, the halftime show's breakout star was Left Shark, Katy Perry's more-funny-than-fearsome, freelancing dancer. On Wednesday, the Obama administration scored big with FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler announcing strong net neutrality regulations, including "enforceable, bright-line rules" that would forbid Internet service providers from throttling connections or charging more for access to sites like Netflix. So now you won't have to pay through the nose to binge-watch the next season of House of Cards -- unless, of course, legislative loopholes are added during the sausage-making process, a la... House of Cards. Meanwhile, debate continues over Brian Williams and his personal "fog of war" -- though if the same level of skepticism and debate had been applied before the Iraq invasion, perhaps Williams, and the troops, wouldn't have been there in the first place.
Joe Manchin Demands Changes To Joe Biden's Infrastructure Plan. The West Virginia senator maintains that the corporate tax rate should go up to 25%, rather than 28%, to pay for infrastructure improvements.
Ocasio-Cortez Absolutely Wrecks Boebert Over Gun-Themed Christmas Pic. “Tell me again where Christ said ‘use the commemoration of my birth to flex violent weapons for personal political gain’?” the representative asked.
Nothing Good Will Come of This. With the kidnapping, Netanyahu has been reborn. Playing the victim card and confronting enemies is what he loves most and does best. The kidnappers have given the Prime Minister an undeserved second wind. No longer "the obstacle to peace," he has become "the defender of his victim people."
One Man's Decades-Long Battle To Eliminate School Segregation. "Segregation is so pernicious, and so pervasive, to do this to children is the worst thing you could do."
Tucker Carlson Claims NSA Is Spying On Him To Cancel His Fox News Show. "The Biden administration is spying on us," the Fox News host said. "We have confirmed that."
Shirley Weber Sworn In As California's First Black Elections Chief. She vacates her Assembly seat to be the new secretary of state, replacing Alex Padilla, who last week became the first Latino U.S. senator for California.
Everyone From Michele Bachmann To John Boehner Has Made These Big Mistakes.
Paul Ryan Plays Nice With President-Elect Donald Trump. Well, you got what you wanted, right Paul Ryan?
44 Republicans Voted Against Time Between Troop Deployment. Suicides Skyrocketed. Why?. Instead of listening, Republicans continued with the "mission first, troops second mentality."
GOP Senator's Daughter Was 'Very Proud' Of A Stand He Took For 3 Days. John Thune's floundering over Donald Trump undercuts his daughter's praise.
What A Fight Over $2,000 Checks Says About The Left's Approach To Biden. Does the latest progressive criticism of Biden's COVID-19 relief bill reflect appropriate skepticism -- or a refusal to take yes for an answer?
Arab Americans Getting Ready for 2016. Next week, Arab American leaders from a dozen key electoral states will convene in Washington to map out a political strategy for 2016. Despite the very real challenges facing these leaders, this generation of Arab Americans can approach the future with some confidence given the progress that has been made the last three decades.
The GOP's Hard -- And Unlearnable? -- Lesson. The Framers of our Constitution, like the good Lord Almighty, seemingly had a droll sense of humor. In creating the title
TrumpLand and the Heroin Epidemic. Mr. President, on October 15, 2016, twenty-five days before you were elected the 45 President of the United States of America
Women On Clinton And Sanders Campaigns Allege Sexual Harassment. Lilian Adams and Zoey Jordan Salsbury worked on opposite sides of the Democratic presidential primary. But they had similar problems.
Doug Jones' Win Breaks Alabama's Long Record Of Electing Climate Change Deniers. The lesson to Democrats: Don’t shy away from climate change.
A False Fear of China. Whatever Beijing implies in its public statements, it neither wants its yuan to replace the dollar, nor could it, even if China's leadership wanted.
The Constitution Trumps The President. His actions illustrate a fundamental misunderstanding of, and brazen disregard for, the rule of law.
Donald Trump Praises Australia's Universal Health Care System. The comment came hours after Republicans in the House advanced legislation to get rid of the Affordable Care Act.
Think Horses, Not Unicorns-- A Message to People Who Have Bought the Republican Lie on Climate Change. In medicine there's a saying, "When you hear hoof beats, think of horses not zebras." Whatever's going on is far more likely to be the usual than the extraordinary.
A Framework for Ethical International Trade. Trade policy must abide by the fundamental values guiding society from human dignity to sustainable development to the common good. We therefore call for an ethical trade policy.
Obama Thanks Joe Biden For 'Not Shooting Anybody In The Face'. "I just want to thank him for being a great friend."
President Obama Has Pardoned More People Than Turkeys. The birds tend to gobble up all the attention.
Epic Media Fail: How And Why Trump Trumped The Press. Doris Kearns Goodwin, Pulitzer Prize-winning historian of the press, politics and presidents, explains a journalism fiasco.
Anti-Abortion Democrat Loses Key Support To Progressive Challenger. Marie Newman's campaign against Rep. Dan Lipinski (D-Ill.) is getting a big boost from EMILY's List.
What Hillary Clinton Is Missing About The Federal Death Penalty. Clinton supports a federal death penalty for terrorism, but it's almost never used that way.
Catholic Newspaper Names Same-Sex Marriage Plaintiffs 'Persons Of The Year'. Last year, it was the pope.
Bernie Sanders Visits Texas To See If He Can Keep Drawing Huge Crowds. Going to Texas furthers Sanders' argument that progressive candidates shouldn’t confine themselves to the coalition of voters that elected President Barack Obama.
White House Press Secretary Rips Reporters In First Briefing Room Appearance. He accused them of inaccurately reporting the size of Donald Trump's inaugural crowds. They didn't.
Scott Pruitt Goes After Critics, EPA In His First Speech To The Agency. The new EPA administrator made his name suing the agency 13 times and fighting on behalf of oil and gas companies.
Republicans Want To Use Zika Funding Bill To Keep Truckers On The Road Longer. Add-on provision could let truckers work more than 80 hours a week.
GOP Congressman Calls For Undocumented SOTU Guests To Be Arrested On The Spot. What a nice guy.
White House Indicates Greta Thunberg Is Fair Game Because She's An 'Activist'. The press secretary explains a different standard for Barron Trump when pressed about the first lady's position on the president's insults toward the celebrated girl.
The Barely Noticed Background Of American Life. Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In a Washington politically riven in ways not seen since the pre-Civil War era, take hope
How HuffPost Pollster Is Dealing With More Polls, More Problems. We're requiring polls in our charts to have key information publicly available.
McConnell Visits Obama To Tell Him To Forget That Supreme Court Seat. Meanwhile, the contest to decide who chooses the next justice is a mess.
Pondering Clinton vs Clinton. It struck me that if indeed America delivers a battle between its contemporary political aristocracies, the Bushes and the Clintons, that the challenge for Hillary will be to overcome comparisons not with her Republican rival but with her peripatetic global do-gooding husband.
MAGA PAC Forking Over $37,500 A Month In Rent To Trump Tower For Just 3 Employees. Meanwhile, other top tenants are leaving or skipping out on rent, according to The Washington Post.
Anti-LGBT Member Of Congress Shot; His And Other Lives Saved By African American Lesbian Officer. Will it change their views on guns and civil rights?
Read Live Updates On The Government Shutdown. The government could be up and running again soon.
My Candidates Lost: Now What?. My family remains a bit lost as we figure out what to do post-midterms. Our 11-year-old who remained involved throughout the midterms is ready to move on. In the car the other day, she nudged me to find a new hobby.
Where Mass Shooters Get Their Guns. Criminal histories and documented mental health problems did not prevent at least eight of the gunmen in 14 recent mass shootings
Donald Trump's Pressure On Hillary Clinton Seems To Be Working. Clinton characterized Tuesday's Istanbul terrorist attack as the result of "radical jihadism."
Another Woman Accuses Nevada Congressman Of Sexual Harassment. She alleges years of unwanted advances.
California City Orders Local Dispensaries To Provide Free Marijuana To Poor Patients.
Brett Kavanaugh Accuser Goes Public: 'I Thought He Might Inadvertently Kill Me'. Christine Blasey Ford wrote a confidential letter alleging the Supreme Court nominee sexually assaulted her decades ago.
HUFFPOST HILL - Quiet Canadian Self-Satisfaction Reaches All-Time High. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump held
Freedom Caucus Closing In On Deal To Rewrite Health Care Bill At 11th Hour. Republicans are considering changes that could doom the bill in the Senate and save face in the House.
These Photos Of Legal Marijuana Users Shatter Stereotypes.
Ben Carson Doesn't Want A Job In Donald Trump's Cabinet. He's realized he lacks any government experience.
San Francisco To Adopt Software App To Help Automatically Clear Old Marijuana Convictions. “When the government uses 20th-century tools to tackle 21st-century problems, it’s the public that pays the price."
Top GOP Donor Won’t Back Candidates Unless They Support Assault Weapons Ban. “It’s the end of the road for me," Al Hoffman Jr., who has donated millions to GOP candidates over the years, told the New York Times.
Donald Trump Might Be Gaining In The Polls, But The Picture Isn’t Clear. Regardless, he still trails badly in Electoral College projections.
RNC Reportedly Will Hold Winter Meeting At Trump’s Doral Resort. The Republican National Committee's apparent selection of the Miami area property will again use political events to put money in Trump's pocket.
Democratic Senate Candidate Says Scalia's Death 'Happened At A Good Time'. Former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland later apologized.
Jen Psaki Destroys Fox News 'Gotcha' Question About Georgia Voting Law. "The Georgia legislation is built on a lie," the White House press secretary said in response to reporter Peter Doocy's question.
Lincoln Memorial Vandalized With Spray-Painted Expletive. The National Park Service said it could take up to two weeks for the graffiti to be removed.
Man Charged With Federal Hate Crime In Anti-Gay Assault At Amazon Facility. James Hill, 34, allegedly attacked a former co-worker in May.
Congress Passes Massive Spending Deal, Ending Shutdown Before It Ever Really Started. The House and Senate both passed the measure hours after the funding deadline, but before federal workers were furloughed
Trump Ohio County Campaign Chair Resigns After Racist Comments. Kathy Miller explains her remarks in an interview with The Huffington Post.
Rep. Jacky Rosen To Challenge GOP Sen. Dean Heller In Nevada. The state needs "a senator they can trust to be an independent voice standing up to President Trump, not his enabler," she says.
Trump Prepares To Halt Syrian Refugee Admissions, Limit Muslim Entry. The president plans to make good on one of his most discriminatory campaign promises.
FOLLOW LIVE RESULTS FROM NEW HAMPSHIRE. Anti-establishment candidates Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump lead New Hampshire polls. See how each candidate performed
Latinos Hold the Key to Democrats' Victory (or Defeat) in 2014. Even the best political analysts don't contemplate is the Latino vote. Should the Democratic Party decide to actively campaign for Latino votes, as Reid did in 2010, a November "Latino Surprise" will save the Democrats.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On June 27. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Bush Staff Float Resumes With Florida Consultants. Several Jeb Bush campaign workers are already shopping their resumes with Florida political consultants as expectations mount
All The Swastikas And Broken Glass Since Charlottesville. In the two weeks since white supremacists marched on Charlottesville, more than two dozen anti-Semitic incidents have occurred across the U.S.
Trump Aide Boasted He Was A Kremlin Adviser 3 Years Before Dossier. A 2013 letter unearthed by Time magazine appears to undercut GOP claims of FBI bias against the president.
Here's What Reagan And Bush Had To Say About Immigration.
Pro-Bernie Blogger Raises $25,000 After Getting Fired For Attacking Clinton Backers. Matt Bruenig raised more than double his goal in just a few hours.
Ivana Trump Doesn't Know Many Men Who 'Can Keep Their Zippers Up'. Ivana called the news of her son's alleged affair “distressing because I’ve been there.”
Trump Super PAC Gets 12-Year-Old Girl To Interview Roy Moore. Millie March, famed for supporting Donald Trump's presidential campaign, traveled to Alabama for a sit-down with the Senate candidate.
Most Republicans Happy To See John Boehner Leave. And they wouldn't mind saying "see you later" to Mitch McConnell, too.
HUFFPOST HILL - Days Since The President Made Us Think About Genitals: [0][0][1]. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today we finalized
Ex-Wife Of Second White House Staffer Accused Of Domestic Abuse Speaks Out. Jessica Corbett says she suffered physical abuse from ex-husband David Sorensen, a White House speechwriter, the second staffer last week to resign over domestic violence allegations.
Attorneys General From Texas, Florida Quietly Dropped Their Trump U. Probes. Reports suggest campaign contributions or other backroom dealings may have played a role.
Billionaire Donors Boosted Ted Cruz's Rise In GOP Race. For Cruz, the pool of really big donors is far more concentrated.
Trump Cites Possible Political Damage In Explaining Why He Won't Release Taxes. Look at what they did to Mitt Romney, he exclaims.
Howard Stern Nails Trump's Problem: 'Doesn’t Give One S**t About Public Service'. Radio icon rips into the president for bragging about his ratings amid the pandemic.
A Letter From A Straight, White Male: I'm Sorry. This doesn’t affect me like it affects you.
Tapping Into The Most Overused Cliche In Campaign Coverage. WASHINGTON -- Pundits on cable television can't explain exactly why Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and real estate mogul Donald
Obama Predicts Bright Future For Legal Weed.
Donald Trump Has Mobilized Women In A Way Hillary Clinton Never Quite Could. Regular women with no background in politics are leading the resistance.
Trump Steamrolling Toward Nomination Despite Negative Ad Blitz. About 60,000 TV ads — roughly one-fifth of all ads aired in the Republican presidential primary — have been critical of Donald
Is Trump Peaking? We'll Find Out Today.. On Tuesday, Donald Trump will discover whether his weekend struggles were a speed bump — or the first signs of larger troubles
Republican Activists Increasingly Favor Outsider Candidates. Is this election an anomaly, or will the party restore its grip on the nomination process?
Senate Committees Ramp Up Trump Probes. Bipartisan requests seek public testimony from the fired FBI director and his notes on contacts with the president.
Bernie Sanders: 'We Got Decimated' In South Carolina. Points for honesty.
Here's What The FBI Lovers' Secret Texts Actually Say About Trump, Clinton And Leaks. Two FBI officials texted each other burns about politicians, but their main ideological commitment seems to be to the power and independence of the FBI.
'Virtually Every Alt-Right Nazi I Know Is Volunteering For The Trump Campaign'. More white supremacists come out for the Republican presidential candidate.
Sephora Is Selling An Eyeshadow Named 'Druggie'. Seriously.. In the midst of the nation's drug epidemic, we have to wonder what they were thinking.
Pence Planned Secret Talks With North Korea, But Meeting Was Called Off. The vice president's office accused the country of trying to “whitewash their murderous regime with nice photo ops.”
Trump's 24-Year-Old Deputy Drug Czar To Resign After Questions Over Work History. After graduating college, the only other job Taylor Weyeneth had was working on Trump's presidential campaign.
Michael Bloomberg's First Comments Since Trump Win Do Little To Quell Climate Fears. The billionaire is offering up his elite club of mayors to fight the president-elect's environment plans.
Texas Senate OKs Trans Bathroom Restrictions. It's unclear whether Republicans in the state House of Representatives will kill the measure or pass a different version.
Clinton Eyeing General Election Fight With Trump. Clinton made it clear on Saturday she was already thinking about taking on the real estate mogul.
He's No Progressive, But Robert Mueller’s Probe Is Key To Exposing Trump’s Abuse of Power. There’s no good reason for progressives who loathe the agenda not to unite in support of Mueller’s investigation.
Donors Who Were Leaning Rubio Are 'Frozen In Place'. BEDFORD, N.H. — Marco Rubio isn’t really a robot — he isn’t dumb or teleprompter-tied — but he is a calculating and cautious
Here's One Really Good Reason Republicans Should Disavow Donald Trump. It could be hugely beneficial to them.
New York Post Lobs GOP Endorsement To Donald Trump, Because ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. "His political incorrectness is one of his great attractions -- it proves he’s not one of 'them.'"
Jeff Sessions Yuks It Up Over Russians In Speech To Lawyers. The attorney general's joking followed a congressional grilling for apparent discrepancies in his stories about Trump campaign contacts with Russians.
What Net Neutrality Really Means For You (And For Us). We'd like to apologize in advance to HuffPost readers who don't get their internet from Verizon.
Liz Cheney: Trump’s Latest Jan. 6 Comments Show He ‘Would Do This All Again’. The Wyoming Republican spoke on "NBC Nightly News" about the former president's remarks this weekend, including his pledge to pardon insurrectionists.
Even These Big Fossil Fuel Companies Support An International Climate Agreement. Thirteen of the world's largest energy companies support a climate deal that would limit warming to 2 degrees C.
Cops Are Still Killing People, But The Nation Has Stopped Paying Attention. Police have fatally shot at least 20 unarmed civilians this year, and cable news hasn't covered a single case.
Donald Trump's Deportation Plan Could Devastate The U.S. Farm Industry. Agriculture relies heavily on an immigrant workforce. A future without it is difficult to imagine.
John Conyers Accuser Breaks Silence: 'He Asked Me To Satisfy Him Sexually'. Marion Brown said she decided to break a non-disclosure agreement "to stand up for all the women in the workforce that are voiceless."
Steve Mnuchin Asked To Use Government Plane For His European Honeymoon. An Air Force jet could have reportedly cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour to operate.
Female Democrats Plan To Wear Black To Trump's State Of The Union Address. "This is a culture change that is sweeping the country, and Congress is embracing it," said Rep. Jackie Speier.
Without ID, Homeless Trapped In Vicious Cycle. For the homeless, not having ID makes it much harder to get a job, find a place to live, open a bank account, get food stamps
Newt Gingrich Shoots Down Speakership Buzz. He also had words of caution for Paul Ryan.
Kasich's Message Might Not Hit Home In Key State. John Kasich has been telling Iowans the same stories over the course of nearly two decades.
Elizabeth Warren Calls For Investigation Of NY Fed Over Secret Tapes.
Postal Banking: An Idea Whose Time Has Come Again. This is not a novel idea. Postal banking was first adopted by Great Britain in 1861, and is now used in 139 countries around the world.
Trump Said He's 'Not Surprised' Democratic Leaders Bailed On Meeting. Schumer and Pelosi refused to meet with Trump after he tweeted he didn't "see a deal" coming together.
Joe Biden Expresses An Openness To Eliminating The Senate Filibuster. “I think it’s going to depend on how obstreperous [Republicans] become,” he said of nixing the longstanding rule that often throttles legislation.
Tina Smith Sworn In As Al Franken's Replacement In U.S. Senate. Minnesota joins just a handful of states represented by two female senators.
Justice Breyer Insists Death Penalty Is Cruel, Even When Supreme Court Won't. The latest case comes from California, where 743 people wait on death row.
Trump Threatens To Cut Aid To UN Members Over Jerusalem Vote. "Well, we’re watching those votes," the president said.
Mike Pence Says Disney Made 'Mulan' To Promote Women In Combat. It was "obviously" the hope of a "mischievous liberal" at the studio, he wrote.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On February 17. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Congressman Reveals True Terror Of Republicans Now Downplaying Capitol Riot. Arizona Rep. Ruben Gallego said many GOP lawmakers now "treating Capitol Police like s**t" were frightened during the insurrection.
Trump Called Pregnant Melania A 'Monster' And A 'Blimp'. These comments came just months after he talked about groping women.
Bernie Sanders Gets His Secret Service Code Name. ...and people on Twitter love it.
Steve Bannon Refused To Answer Congress's Questions In Russia Probe, Says Top Democrat. Bannon invoked executive privilege, Rep. Adam Schiff said.
White House Petition Calling For Release Of Trump’s Tax Returns Gets Over 100,000 Signatures. This is one Obama legacy Trump might regret preserving.
What the 2nd Amendment and Roe v. Wade Mean in Alabama. Abortion might not be a popular issue in an evangelical state, but when explained as a parallel to the 2nd Amendment, all those God-fearing, Bible-thumpin' gun owners may just agree that what works for one side should work for the other.
Texas Group That Fueled Trump Voter Fraud Claim Scales Back 2016 Election Audit. “As it stands, we do not have the funding to do what we want to do."
Muslim Woman Says Lawmaker Asked Her: 'Is It Safe To Ride The Elevator With You?'. "I felt like I had no dignity," she said of the experience.
Former DHS Secretary: Russian Intrusion In The 2016 Election Is 'A Fact, Plain And Simple'. Jeh Johnson defended the Obama administration's reluctance to go public with its findings amid "a very heated campaign."
What Money For Trump’s Border Wall Could Buy In Disaster Relief Funding. Much of the aid needed in the aftermath of a hurricane like Harvey would cost significantly less than the $1.6 billion proposed for wall construction.
Here’s What The ‘Hamilton’ Cast Told Mike Pence. Actor Brandon Victor Dixon appealed to the incoming vice president to "work on behalf of all of us."
Watch As Elected Republicans Literally Run Away From Birther Questions In 2009. A reminder: GOP leadership did little to tamp down the conspiracy theories.
Canada Phases Out Coal As Donald Trump Aims To Revive It In U.S.. As Americans prepare for climate policy reversals, their northern neighbor introduces a plan to drastically cut coal usage by 2030.
New Teachers May Be Staying In The Field Longer Than Before.
Donald Trump-Joe Biden Feud Sparks Savage Meme Ridiculing The Pair. "I'm selling two tickets to the Trump vs Biden fight."
Conservative’s Story About 'How Republicans Are Born' Backfires Spectacularly. Grover Norquist gets schooled about taxes on Twitter.
Kasich On Climate Change: 'I Just Don't Know Enough About It'. "I think there are things we can do to protect the environment. We should. But we shouldn't worship the environment."
Trump Says The FBI Clearing Clinton Is More Proof The System Is 'Rigged'. “You can’t review 650,000 new emails in eight days. You can’t do it, folks.”
Democratic Race Enters New Phase With Attacks On Clinton. Their message was clear: Hillary Clinton cannot be trusted to fight hard for liberal values.
Donald Trump Appears With Pastor Who Claims He Stopped A Tsunami. Frank Amedia's prayers saved a Hawaiian island, apparently.
My War on Terror. We Americans usually reserve the more kindly word "patriot" for ourselves and use "nationalist" to diss other people who exhibit special feeling for their country.  In the extreme, it's "superpatriot" for us and "ultranationalist" for them.
Top Democrat Wants To Be Sure Lower-Profile Industries Are Dealing With Sexual Misconduct Too. While scandals in politics, entertainment and media have generated headlines, Sen. Patty Murray wants to shine a light on other workplaces.
Why A GOP Lobbyist Is Giving Money To A Democratic Senate Candidate. Because Rep. Donna Edwards (D-Md.) is black.
Leading Scientists Urge Donald Trump To Honor Iran Nuclear Deal. "We urge you to preserve this critical U.S. strategic asset," the group said in an open letter.
Lawmakers Are Not Happy That Donald Trump Attacked John Lewis. The president-elect's claim that the civil rights icon is "all talk" did not go over well.
Florida County Asks Judge To Clarify Gay Marriage Ruling.
Congress Buys Some Time To Finish A Massive Spending Deal. Mind you, this was supposed to be done by last October.
Sen. Bill Nelson Is Now Cancer-Free. Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) announced Monday he is cancer-free after having prostate surgery one week ago. “Our prayers have
There's No Good Way To Kill Someone. Several states across the country continue to impose the death penalty, even as the practice is continually botched, with horrific results.
DeVos Embrace Of Predatory For-Profit Colleges Is Breathtaking. Betsy DeVos, whose interest in education prior to the Trump administration seemed mostly focused on K-12 schools, has made
Are Democrats Blowing Their Chance To Take Back The House?. And did they even have a chance in the first place?
Omicron Variant Found In 5 States As Biden Lays Out Plan To Tackle Winter Surge. “The best thing everyone can do is to realize we are not defenseless," New York Gov. Kathy Hochul said.
Trump’s Effect On The Latino Vote Has Begun: More Hispanic U.S. Citizens Are Coming. Thousands of legal Hispanic residents are becoming U.S. citizens from Nevada to Florida and Colorado because of Trump. “There
Homeless Health Care: Time to Close an Open Wound. Whether all 297 programs consistently serve their vulnerable target population, however, is a different question. A decade of observation and the outcome of the Birmingham trial reveal that federal safeguards to protect this mission are insufficient.
Polls Show Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Ahead In Super Tuesday States. Just two days left until the big day.
Families Of Charleston Shooting Victims Sue FBI For Letting Roof Buy A Gun. A mistake in Roof's background check made the purchase possible.
Obama Threatens To Veto Planned Parenthood Defunding Bill. The administration said the bill "would limit access to health care for men, women, and families across the Nation."
Republicans Should Worry About Losing The House. Republicans need to start worrying about losing their majority in the House of Representatives.
House Speaker And Confederate Traitor. Deep in the heart of the U.S. Capitol is a collection of portraits. The gold trimmed frames adorn a cream covered wall in
HUFFPOLLSTER: Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Are Nearly Even In Florida. The perennial swing state once again looks like a battleground.
New Trump, Old Bottles. It didn’t take long for Donald Trump to discover that U.S. foreign policy is about as easy to turn around as a warship in
White House Wannabes Drawing 2016 Battle Lines In Furious Money Chase.
Mark Warner Wants To Know How Russians Knew Best Ways To Help Trump. Top Democrat on the Senate's Intelligence Committee says that while definitive proof of collusion is lacking, there is “a lot of smoke.”
Department of Defense May Retroactively Demote Retired U.S. General David Petraeus: Report. The Defense Secretary is looking to put the clamp down on misbehaving generals. Pentagon insiders say Petraeus could be the
Hack Of Democratic Committee Investigated By FBI: Report. The hack of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee may be related to an intrusion at the DNC, where Russia is suspected.
Hillary Clinton's Paid Speeches Were Totally At Odds With Her 2016 Platform. The Democratic nominee supported fiscal austerity and unfettered trade in remarks to bankers.
State Of The Union Time, Channels And More.
An Open Letter To Senator Lamar Alexander About Betsy DeVos. She would be the first Secretary of Education in our history to be hostile to public education.
Trump Goes Full Nixon. A cartoon for The Huffington Post by Mike Shapiro.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On March 7. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
FBI Obtains Search Warrant To Examine New Clinton Emails. The bureau can now investigate whether the newly discovered emails are relevant to its probe of Clinton's private email server.
Loser.com Trolls Donald Trump By Redirecting To His Wikipedia Page. Nobodyrememberswhocameinsecond.com also goes after the GOP's former frontrunner.
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders Will Face Off In Brooklyn Democratic Debate. The newly added debate will be five days before the crucial New York Democratic primary.
Why Trump’s Pick For Chair Of The Federal Reserve Matters To Workers. The Fed's decisions have a huge impact on families like mine.
This Little Detail Could Cause A Government Shutdown. Soon-to-expire health benefits for coal miners are shaping up to be a flashpoint in the government-funding debate.
Supreme Court To Weigh In On Tactic For Kicking People Off Voter Rolls. Ohio officials are illegally targeting people for not voting, plaintiffs say.
'Tre45on' Trends After Report That Trump Knew Putin Put Bounty On U.S. Troops. Joe Biden slammed Trump's record of "deference and debasing himself before Vladimir Putin."
Sunday Roundup. This week, in the words of President Obama, our union became "a little more perfect." On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 in favor of Obamacare, preserving health insurance for at least 8 million people. In dissent, Justice Scalia -- whose opinions increasingly read like he's shouting them from the Court's front porch at passersby -- accused the majority of "jiggery-pokery." The next day, the Court ruled 5-4 to make marriage legal nationwide for same sex couples. As cheers rang out across the country, the president hailed the courage of those who "slowly made an entire country realize that love is love." But amid the celebration there was also sadness, as Rev. Clementa Pinckney was laid to rest in Charleston... Read More.
Ivanka Trump Promotes 'Hidden Figures' As Her Dad Tries To Slash NASA Education Funding. She appeared at the National Air and Space Museum with a female astronaut to promote women in science.
Bobby Jindal Would Vote For A Muslim Candidate If He Strongly Resembled A Christian. Or, hint hint, he would also support "a Christian Governor from Louisiana."
It Is Too Late For The GOP To Rid Itself Of The Trump Stench. The hot mic moment is just the latest controversy. And Republicans now own it.
Nashville Mayor Megan Barry Resigns After Pleading Guilty To Theft. Her resignation comes a month after she admitted to an extramarital affair while in office.
Donald Trump Says He Won't Run For President As A Third-Party Candidate. But that could change.
Paul Ryan Breaks With Trump Over The Arpaio Pardon. "Law-enforcement officials have a special responsibility to respect the rights of everyone in the United States."
Donald Trump Reveals His Fitness Routine, Diet Secrets To Dr. Oz. The GOP nominee said he gets his exercise by waving his hands around while talking.
McCain, Graham Announce Support For Former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson. McCain and other senators had been concerned about Tillerson's ties to Russia.
A New Year Requires Resolve. Let's work together, and think together, to stop the Trump agenda.
Rather Than Do The Right Thing, McCain Did The Right-Wing Thing. So much for McCain’s claim to be “maverick.”
Ted Cruz Crushes At Kansas Republican Caucus. Cruz commanded a 25-point margin in the state after winning neighboring Oklahoma on Super Tuesday.
Congressional Candidate Defends AR-15 Giveaway After School Shooting. Even a conservative talk radio host objects: "Come on, man. It doesn't make any sense."
Sorry, Republicans: Ending Birthright Citizenship Violates The Constitution. The very amendment that conservatives want to "fix" stands as a shield against government-sanctioned discrimination.
Schock Spending Scandal Spurs House Review Of Member Expenses.
Obama's Heroin Pledge Has A Huge Obstacle, Senator Says. Joe Manchin says the president's FDA nominee is too close to painkiller-pushing Big Pharma.
How Democrats Are Accidentally Helping The Koch Brothers.
The Conundrum of the Midterms. The truth is, there are intelligent, well-spoken, educated people who just don't feel represented by the politicians in Washington; a lot of them. Is there a solution?
HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, November 17. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The New Lines Of Investigation Michael Cohen’s Testimony Opens Up For Congress. Donald Trump's former fixer gave lawmakers a slew of ideas for further looks at the president's actions and business dealings.
Democrats Are Winning The Supreme Court Fight Over Merrick Garland. Big Time.. The fight over Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy cased by the death of Justice
Reparations and Obama. The story that troubles me is what occurred under America's first African-American president, in our own time. I refer to the preventable catastrophe of the wipe-out of black home equity. Beginning in the 1970s, when the Federal government finally stopped colluding in racial redlining, black families at last got a reasonable shot at accumulating wealth via the dream of homeownership -- assets for one's old age and something to pass along to one's children. One of the most disgusting slanders by the right against low-income people and especially African Americans is the claim that the subprime collapse resulted from the government pressuring lenders to loan to unqualified borrowers. The vast majority of subprime loans were written by mortgage companies not even covered by federal law. Subprime was a scheme originated on Wall Street to profit from deceiving borrowers.
82 Rabbis, Activists Arrested On Capitol Hill Over DACA Protest. “This is no time for business as usual,” said one rabbi who was among those arrested Wednesday.
The GOP Tax Bill Will Place A Dagger In The American Dream Of Home Ownership. Should the bill pass, Republicans in Congress will need to answer to millions of Americans who see their  ambitions of owning a home go up in flames.
Donald Trump Insists Mexico Will Still Pay For A Border Wall, But U.S. Will Start Building It First. "I don’t want to wait," he said.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Endorses Ted Cruz For President. The announcement comes ahead of Tuesday's primary in the state.
Study Shows Federal Prison Population Dropped 13 Percent Over 4 Years. A new analysis released by the nonprofit Sentencing Project is a classic case of good news and bad news. On one hand, it
A Judge Ruled One Immigrant Had A Right To A Hearing. What About All The Others?. The Supreme Court will likely have to determine whether indefinite detention without a bond hearing violates the Constitution.
Message to Bernie: Be More Creative In Effort to Win Iowa Latino Vote. Bernie has pulled out all the stops in an effort to court Latinos, but many are still unfamiliar with the left-leaning democratic socialist. If he wishes to solidify his support among Latinos, Bernie must broaden his definition of "political revolution"
The Latest Anti-Trump Ad From Clinton's Super PAC Is Kind Of Intense. But hey. The guy said it.
John McCain's Pollster Recounts 2000 New Hampshire Win, And It's Amazing. "I literally could not breathe," recalled Bill McInturff.
Monday's Morning Email: “I Am The Devil" -- How Charles Manson Mesmerized America. The cult leader was 83.
Texas Lawmakers Sound The Alarm: Senate Dems Lack Urgency On Voting Rights. Texas Democrats who fled their state want Senate leaders to work through the August recess and speed up efforts to pass federal voting rights legislation.
How A Single Typo Led To The Unraveling Of Hillary Clinton's Campaign. An obvious phishing scam and a hasty email allowed hackers into campaign chair John Podesta's inbox.
Donald Trump Condemns Anti-Semitic Threats During Joint Address. The recent wave of bomb threats against Jewish facilities prompted evacuations in at least 16 states.
Why We Need More Military Spending. The isolationism of the United States before 1940 is long gone. The new world of instantaneous communication has destroyed the isolation of Americans from the world. With the end of the post-Cold War era, there are potentially serious future threats to American security.
End Airplane Advertised Ticket Tax Price Secrecy. No business can survive by hiding prices. It is clear the federal government doesn't have the price discipline of a business, but that should not allow it to force this bad behavior onto the airlines.
Here's The Cheap And Easy Way To Get Credit For A Presidential ‘Pivot’. The pathologies of the pundit class ride again!
Bobby Jindal Claims Immigration Policy Is Not About Border Security, But About 'Values'. "If they want to come here, they should want to be Americans."
Donald Trump Says Some Protesters Probably Deserved To Get Roughed Up At His Rallies. "There is some anger. There is also some great love for the country."
Polls Show Marco Rubio Gaining On Donald Trump In New Hampshire. Will he surprise us again?
Activists Burn Confederate Flag In Response To South Carolina Shootings.
Washington's Marijuana Legalization: The Kids Are Alright. Legalization did not turn teenagers into marijuana addicts
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On May 24. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump 'Has No Principles' And 'You Can't Trust Him,' His Sister Reportedly Said On Tape. "His goddamned tweets and lying, oh my God," Maryanne Trump Barry told niece Mary Trump in secret recordings, The Washington Post reported.
Dianne Feinstein Wants Hillary Clinton To 'Step Up' And Address Email Controversy.
The Best Chance To Defeat Roy Moore May Be For The Democratic Party To Lie Low. Democrat Doug Jones is trying to distinguish himself from the national party while scandal swirls around his GOP Senate rival.
U.S. Push To Meet Quota Leaves Some Refugees Languishing In Poor Conditions. Resettlement agencies are struggling to cope in the rush to meet targets.
Anti-Islam Group Posts Muslims' Personal Info on Facebook. Irving, Texas, is becoming a hotbed of Islamophobia.
Kentucky Just Made It Harder For Poor People To Get Health Care. It's what the Trump administration wants -- and more states will likely follow.
More Than 100 Cambodian-Americans Rounded Up, Now May Face Deportation. “In the vast majority of cases, we are talking about people who came to the United States as children fleeing genocide with their families."
Paul Ryan: Donald Trump 'Messed Up' Charlottesville Response And 'Could Have Done Better'. Ryan said Trump's defense of white supremacists was "wrong," but still would not call out Trump directly.
Courts are Democracy's Umpires. Since the lawsuits and countersuits between the state of North Carolina and federal government, an interesting question arose in a New York Times article: "Can a law written in the heat of the civil rights movement generations ago, apply to people its drafters never intended to cover?"
Chicago Police Superintendent Says Cops Who Lied About Laquan McDonald Shooting Should Be Fired. They can contest the decision before the Chicago Police Board.
Trump Opposes Cutting Social Security From A 'Moral Standpoint': Report (CORRECTED). The presumptive Republican nominee stuck to his public position during a private meeting with Paul Ryan
A Conservative Congressman Is Trying To Overthrow John Boehner. The plan, however, faces a few obstacles.
Human Rights Abuses In Egypt Are 'Best Discussed Privately,' White House Says. President Trump had previously criticized Obama for not publicly condemning Egypt's human rights record.
Barack Obama Marks 50th Anniversary Of 'Bloody Sunday' With Powerful Speech In Selma.
"Scandal" Loves Skewering the GOP. Scandal is wild and addictive. And it's so easy to be dazzled by the sex, political wrangling, high-speed dialogue, and flashy camera work that you can sometimes forget it's a blistering satire of the Republican Party.
Hillary Clinton Campaign Kicks Off With Social Media Blitz, Outreach To 2008 Alumni.
The Franken Debacle. Bravo, Democrats.
Ben Carson Walks Back Anti-Muslim Comments With More Anti-Muslim Comments. "I stand by the comments."
Mike Huckabee And Marco Rubio's Weird Legal Theory About Abortion. A small group of conservatives believe the president or Congress can challenge the Supreme Court’s interpretation of the Constitution.
Joe Biden Will Appear On 'Law & Order: Special Victims Unit'. He'll guest star on the show to support a very important cause.
Recent Data Breaches Spark Debate Over 'Reasonable' Notification Rules. Lawsuits filed by Pennsylvania, Los Angeles and Chicago are drawing attention to the vague language in many state laws defining how quickly consumers must be informed of a data breach once it has been discovered.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Hillary Clinton Is Within Striking Distance Of Donald Trump In Georgia. The Peach State is turning purple.
Establishment-Backed Moderate Wins Heated Democratic House Primary In Texas. Lawyer Lizzie Fletcher beat progressive activist Laura Moser in a district Democrats hope to take from the GOP.
Top GOP Lawmaker: 'I Wish Democrats Would Help' Look Into Russian Election Meddling. Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) said Democrats are spending too much time "trying to see if Jared Kushner knows a guy named Igor."
Raised Eyebrows And Side-Eye: Kamala Harris Was A Human GIF Machine At Debate. The California senator responded to Vice President Mike Pence with all the looks.
Buzz Aldrin Looked As Baffled As We Felt During Trump's Space Talk. "This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We don’t really don’t know. But it could be. It has to be something — but it could be infinity, right?"
Obama Gives Final Remarks Before Departing D.C.. "This has never been about us. It has always been about you."
Schwarzenegger's New Portrait Has A Major 'Oops'.
Trump's Budget Is A Death Sentence For The ALS Community. I read the news in perfect silence, my heart winding down in my chest as though practicing for the death that would come
Donald Trump Says His Son Is An 'Innocent' Victim Of 'Witch Hunt'. The president's son has been accused of colluding with Russia.
HUFFPOST HILL - Congress Poisoned By Partisanship, Actual Poison. The average GOP “Young Gun” is quite old, but they won’t seem so long in the tooth once they take office and we raise the
Hundreds Rally In New York City To Protest Police Brutality. NEW YORK (AP) — Academy Award-winning filmmaker Quentin Tarantino joined hundreds of demonstrators waving signs, shouting
Scalia Rages. This is jiggery-plobbaly.
Paul Ryan Says He And Steve Bannon Are 'Different Kinds Of Conservatives'. “I don’t really know him,” Ryan said of the president's chief strategist.
Hawaii Becomes First State To Raise Smoking Age To 21. America's healthiest state implements new law with fines for retailers and underage consumers.
Lawmakers Seek Trump's Intervention For 17-Year-Old American Jailed In Egypt. Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He'll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.
Jason Chaffetz Says He's 'Ready' To Subpoena James Comey Memo. “If the memo exists, I need to see it and I need to see it right away."
State Department Embraces Cities As Key To Meeting Climate Goals. Mayors from 19 cities are meeting in Washington to talk about cutting planet-warming emissions.
Mystery Dark Money Group Attacks John Kasich In New Hampshire. American Future Fund, linked to the Koch brothers in the past, doesn't disclose donors, so its motives are unclear.
Nancy Pelosi Hits Donald Trump Where It Hurts Over His Coronavirus Briefings. Right in the TV ratings.
Justice Breyer's Cellphone Went Off At The Worst Possible Time. When he was presiding over a case at the Supreme Court.
Zachary Hammond's Community Wants To Know Why A Cop Put 'Two Bullets In His Back'. A rally this weekend called for justice in the police killing of a white teen.
HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, October 15. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A Lot Of People Just Realized Donald Trump Could Become President. History shows that Americans pay more attention to presidential races after the primaries start.
Utah Gov. Spencer Cox Says He Plans To Veto Trans Sports Ban Bill. “I just want them to know that it’s gonna be okay. We’re gonna work through this,” Governor Spencer Cox said of trans student athletes.
Trump Budget Would Gut Legal Aid For Veterans, Domestic Abuse Victims And Disaster Survivors. If the Trump administration gets its way, the Legal Services Corporation is getting the axe.
Fighting a Modern Day Pharoah. Passover is a particularly charged holiday for our community, as we retell one of the greatest stories of workers collectively
This Tim Kaine Interview Is A Good Excuse To Geek Out On Supreme Court History. The senator made a big constitutional gaffe. But his save was impressive.
Justice Department Moves To Ban Bump Stocks. The announcement comes as hundreds of thousands of Americans are expected to rally nationwide on Saturday for tighter gun laws.
Michael Flynn’s Guilty Plea Pulls Vice President Pence Closer To Russia Spotlight. Pence has tried to distance himself, but he’s supposedly the reason Trump’s national security adviser got fired.
On Not Reading Elliot Rodger. For us to learn anything from this tragedy we have to wrench ourselves away from his manifesto -- it's not about him anymore.  Leave him to his fate in eternity, and wish solace on everyone.
Trump's Muslim Ban Faces Tough Questions From Appeals Court. “There is no case like this, is there?” 9th Circuit Judge Richard Paez asked.
Clinton's Frustration Grows, As Primary Race Drags On. Hillary Clinton snapped at a Greenpeace protester. She linked Bernie Sanders and tea party Republicans. And she bristled
HUFFPOLLSTER: Here’s What You Need To Know About The Latest State Polling. It's not great news for either candidate.
Michael Flynn Didn't Disclose Russia Payments In Security Clearance Application, Lawmakers Say. "This is a major problem," said Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.).
John Kasich Is Running For President, Because Why Not. He's the 16th GOP candidate to officially enter the race.
Lawmakers To Grill Silicon Valley Execs On Russian Election Meddling. The executives will be questioned on how Russia allegedly used their services to try to sway the 2016 election.
North Carolina's Governor Finally Admits He Lost The Election After Alleging Voter Fraud For A Month. Pat McCrory filed for a statewide recount as well as election protests in 52 counties.
It's National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. What's Congress Doing About It?. Sex trafficking is the fastest-growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world, according to the FBI. In 2013, nearly 5,000 cases of human trafficking were reported to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center.
Canadian Family Claims Christian Sex Education Violated Their Human Rights.
Hillary Clinton's Religious Background and the 2016 Presidential Election.
John Kasich Will Sign Bill To Defund Planned Parenthood In His State. The bill strips funding from programs that help prevent infant mortality, promote HIV testing and offer breast and cervical cancer screenings.
These Are The Most Exciting Photos From The 2016 Iowa Caucuses. Tons of thrilling action in the Hawkeye State.
John Kelly's Dangerous Historical Revisionism. The White House chief of staff is tragically ignorant about the history of the country he serves.
Former Trump Girlfriend Rebuts NYT Story On History With Women. A woman at the center of a New York Times piece detailing Republican Donald Trump's history with women took issue with the
A Police Officer In This School Allegedly Choked And Body-Slammed Kids. The school resource officer was not trained on how to work with children.
Nearly 200 Congressional Dems File Emoluments Lawsuit Against Donald Trump. At least 30 U.S. senators and 166 representatives are plaintiffs in the lawsuit, representing the largest number of legislators ever to sue a U.S. president.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Polls Show Clinton And Trump In A Close Race Ahead Of First Debate. National polls and surveys in key states show Donald Trump edging closer to Hillary Clinton.
Trump Aced His Dementia Screening, And He Really Wants You To Know. Trump’s White House doctor spent an hour taking questions Tuesday about the president’s "excellent" health.
Remembering Betty Ong. Flight attendant Betty heroically notified the American Airlines ground crew of the hijacking situation on board.
Gun Control: Debating Myself. Gun control is in some ways a uniquely American problem, but it also touches on many of the fundamental questions of government
Betty Price Wonders If People With HIV Should Be Quarantined. “What are we legally able to do?” the Georgia state lawmaker and wife of former HHS head Tom Price asked during a committee hearing this week.
Trump Blows Up Statue Of Liberty.
Bob Corker: Donald Trump's Legacy Will Be The 'Debasement Of Our Nation'. Trump fired back at Corker on Twitter, calling the GOP senator a "lightweight."
Trump's Budget Would Cut Planned Parenthood Out Of All Federal Programs. No president has ever tried to do this.
Mitch McConnell Says 'Most News Is Not Fake,' Rejecting Trump's Refrain. The president tweeted Monday that the "very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control."
Latino Group Accuses Kay Hagan Of Betrayal On Immigration.
Compassionate Conservatism Roars Back: John Kasich Surprises In New Hampshire. Will it matter going forward?
Backers Of New 9/11 Bill Link Effort To Paris Attacks. "It's ... ironic that we sit here now, a few days after Paris had their 9/11, to take care of the folks who responded to ours," one advocate says.
Protecting Student-Athletes From Heat, Head Injuries. Some of the reforms carry the names of student-athletes who died while participating in school sports. That was true in North
Scalia Death Exposes Dying Conservatism. Before Justice Scalia's body was even cold, Republicans started obstructionism and pledged to block any Obama appointment. Apparently, a dying conservatism cares not a fig about the constitution -- just clinging to power.
GOP Campaigns Convene To Hash Out New Demands For Debate Format. Several Republican presidential campaigns began mapping out new demands Sunday for greater control over the format and content
Republicans Go Into Hiding As Donald Trump's Scandals Deepen. GOP lawmakers and White House officials won't defend Trump on TV.
VA Mental Health Care Delays, Staff Shortages, Plague Veterans.
Trump's War To 'Annihilate' ISIS Is Raising Civilian Casualties. In a sharp reversal, the U.S. has started prioritizing battlefield gains over civilian safety.
Muzzling Jurors And Transparency In The Bill Cosby Trial. Issuing an “order” enjoining jurors from speaking about the case seems grossly inconsistent with First Amendment values.
Only 1 In 5 Republicans Thinks Trump's Sexual Assault Bragging Is Disqualifying. The video doesn't seem to have hurt him among women, who mostly had a low opinion of him already.
Soldiers Reassigned After Bringing Women To Hotel During Pence Detail. The men have been taken off official White House duties, NBC reports.
Vladimir Putin Shows Off His Musical Skills On A Piano In China. No tip jar?
Donald Trump’s Second Amendment Comments May Have Been Worse Than Everyone Thought. What a difference a comma can make.
How Will You Vote, Ben Cardin? Iran Deal Supporters Turn Their Lonely Eyes To You.. The Maryland Democrat may be one of the most important remaining fence-sitters.
Democrats Make Renewed Push For Removing Lead Pipes. It's not just about Flint anymore.
Trump Rants About Media Spending 'All Night' On Ida Instead Of His 'Great' Taliban Deal. "The level of stupidity — and we had a great deal," Trump boasted in his usual mangled syntax.
Hillary, Again. (But Different?).
How Trump Can Succeed At Signing Up People For Obamacare — If He Wants To. And how he may have set it up for failure, according to the man who used to run the program.
Trump May Cost American Farmers $2 Billion In Lost Exports. Trump's threat to toss away NAFTA is troubling American farmers.
In A Struggling South Carolina Town, Support For Donald Trump Lurks Around Every Corner. The old mill town of Laurens -- and small towns like it across America -- show Trump's march to the GOP nomination may already be irreversible.
Ron Klain: Ebola Is Still A Global Threat.
Lawyers For Kim Davis Vow To Appeal Contempt Order. The Rowan County clerk is expected to remain incarcerated for at least a week.
Illinois Neglects Child Care Payments for Needy Families. Illinois families, many in dire circumstances, are on the brink of losing support for child care. It's time everyone got answers about the games being played with the CCAP.
Supreme Court To Review Scope Of Dodd-Frank Whistleblower Protections. The case hinges on the SEC’s whistleblower protection rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law.
Trump's Deputy Drug Czar Is A 24-Year-Old With A Flimsy Work History. Taylor Weyeneth was fired from a law firm in 2015 for not showing up to work.
At Least 23 People Dead in Australia Bushfires As Blazes Continue Raging. "We are still yet to hit the worst of it," New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian told reporters Saturday evening.
Syria Rebels Want Trump To Know They're The Ones Fighting ISIS. The Free Syrian Army is hopeful for more support despite the president's praise of Bashar Assad.
The One Big Thing Paul Krugman Wants Trump And Clinton To Debate. "There is, quite simply, no other issue this important, and letting it slide would be almost criminally irresponsible."
GOP-Requested Witness Rejects Trump ‘Conspiracy Theories’. Kurt Volker said he has known former Vice President Joe Biden as an honorable man for decades while rebuffing debunked corruption allegations.
Read Donald Trump's Full Victory Speech. Your next president.
At A Town Hall, Constituents Literally Turn Their Backs On GOP Senator. "Do your job!" they chanted.
What Is the Deal With the Export-Import Bank?. By receiving financial subsidies from the Export-Import Bank of the US, an airline with antiquated laws is getting unfair competitive advantage over American companies. American taxpayers should no longer be giving their money to foreign companies whose principles run contrary to ours.
U.S. Likely Aiding War Crimes In Yemen, Congressman Says. The Obama administration has been supporting a Saudi-led campaign there for 18 months.
California Extends State Worker Travel Ban To 4 'Discriminatory' States. Restrictions now target eight states that have passed anti-LGBTQ laws.
Florida Man Who Landed Gyrocopter At U.S. Capitol Rejects Plea Deals. WASHINGTON, July 22 (Reuters) - A Florida man who flew a gyrocopter onto the U.S. Capitol grounds has rejected two plea deals
Stand and Deliver. In a political stunt of a lawsuit, Texas and other states claim the White House's immigration initiatives announced on Nov. 20, 2014 are illegal. The problem is that the suit has no legs, because the plaintiffs lack "standing" to sue.
GOP Candidate Comes Up With A New, Misleading Obamacare Claim.
On Nov. 9, Arkansas Is Planning To Execute A Severely Mentally Ill Man. Jack Greene is guilty of two horrific murders. Jack Greene is also very sick. On Nov. 9, barring a stay, Jack Greene will
Facebook Still Won't Own Up To Its Role In The 2016 Election. Even in acknowledging it spread targeted Russian lies to more than half of all U.S. voters, Facebook denies it’s part of the problem.
Repealing Obamacare Is A Trap For The GOP, Chuck Schumer Says. "They will regret the day they did it.”
GOP Congressman Claims Kansas Has More Uninsured Since Health Care Reform.
Some Of Donald Trump's Strongest Defenders Are Now Criticizing Him. Ann Coulter called Trump "mental" for going after Ted Cruz's wife.
Test and Report: Bad for Children and Families. Rather than urge the state to funnel more children into an already overwhelmed foster care system, states should be encouraged to address the factors that are more directly related to adverse outcomes for children.
Lawsuit Over 'S**tty Media Men' List Could Out Alleged Sexual Abuse Victims. Legal experts say Stephen Elliott's libel case may unmask anonymous contributors to the list launched by Moira Donegan.
Joe Biden's Secret Meeting Could Be Sign Of Serious 2016 Consideration. The vice president met with a Clinton financial backer.
HUFFPOST HILL - Paul Ryan Suddenly Grateful For Obamacare's Psychiatric Coverage. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is International
American ISIS Suspect Requested A Lawyer, Justice Department Admits In New Filing. The military has held the unnamed detainee for 2½ months without allowing access to legal counsel.
Donald Trump’s Cabinet Nominees Disagree With Him On A Lot Of Things. It May Not Matter.. "He’s not asking for clones," the incoming press secretary said.
After A Very Bad Year, Americans Like The Supreme Court Again, Survey Finds. A bit of good news while the court limps along with only eight members.
U.S. Senator: Republican Party Is Turning Into Russia’s ‘Most Important Global Asset’. Sen. Chris Murphy called out the GOP for using Moscow's conspiracy theories to defend President Donald Trump.
DAPL Pipeline Blocked: This Might Be The Last Time America's President Keeps His Word. President Obama kept his word when he said that, “there is a way for us to accommodate the sacred lands of Native Americans
Double Standard in Defending Christians. If the goal was to create a truly democratic representative system of governance in both Iraq and Syria than the voices of the leadership of Christian and other minority communities should have been taken into account.
Strange Bedfellows: Trump Does Davos. Why is Donald Trump going to the World Economic Forum in Davos?
Chris Christie: Pope Francis Was Wrong To Promote Closer U.S.-Cuban Ties. “I just happen to disagree with the pope on this one.”
Report: White House Rushed Condolences To Gold Star Families. At least three families said they received express-shipped packages from the White House after Trump claimed he called "virtually everybody."
U.S. Business Leaders Rise Up Against Trump's Immigrant Ban. "Diverse is what we must be," Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein told employees.
Flint, State Of Michigan Reach Agreement To Replace Lead Water Lines By 2020. Flint residents haven't had safe drinking water since 2014.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump Isn’t Likely To Change Voters’ Views Of Hillary Clinton. She’s more battle-tested than any of his primary challengers.
Bristol Palin Slams Pastor's 'One Sided' Documentary On Pro-Gun, Pro-Life Beliefs. Palin thinks her mother could better tell you "what the Bible REALLY says" about this stuff.
Facing Revolt On Healthcare Bill, Senate Republicans Delay Vote. The delay puts the future of a longtime top Republican priority in doubt.
Trump Has Essentially Abdicated The Basic Responsibilities Of A President. And people within his own administration are starting to notice.
Governors To Trump Administration: Stay Away From Our Marijuana Laws. "We ask the Trump Administration to engage with us before embarking on any changes to regulatory and enforcement systems."
His Job Went To Mexico And All He Got Was This Lousy Severance. Jeffery Bean was one of 200 factory workers laid off by Batesville Casket last month.
Hillary Clinton Recalls Hairy Story About 'Misogynist' Vladimir Putin. It involved a dog and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
The Republican Presidential Primary’s Biggest Losers, Ranked. Thanks for playing, candidates. We have some lovely parting gifts.
Scott Walker and the Club for Growth: Coordinating Corruption. The case against Scott Walker's and his aides turns on the idea of unlawful cooperation. In Wisconsin as in a number of other states, it is illegal for campaigns to coordinate political activities with outside funding groups. That takes a little explaining.
EpiPen Price Hikes Reportedly Added Millions To Pentagon Costs. The DoD's spending on EpiPens has increased fivefold since 2008, far outpacing the 130 percent growth in prescriptions.
The New American Dilemma. Americans face a genuine dilemma. If they are truly committed to equality of opportunity, then they will have to demand vigorous measures to reduce the drastic levels of inequality that now divide the nation.
The Collective Déjà Vu Of Black America. We are stuck in a loop of violence and injustice.
Trump Could Seek New Law To Purge Government Of Obama Appointees. “As you know from his other career, Donald likes to fire people.”
See, Donald Trump, This Soldier Is Why We Welcome Immigrants. He escaped a brutal civil war and came 6,000 miles to join the U.S. Army.
Think The Trump Video Changed A Lot Of Minds? Maybe Not.. Voters who thought Donald Trump respected women mostly still do.
Even Oil Companies In Europe Are Preparing For Climate Change. Meanwhile, the U.S. braces for a climate denier president and American companies lag far behind.
Nation's Capital Ready To Legalize Weed.
2 Key Republican Holdouts Are Now Backing The Tax Bill. Sen. Marco Rubio apparently got something for his vote, while Sen. Bob Corker just said yes.
Trump Reportedly Won't Pick Gary Cohn As Fed Chair. The economic adviser appears to have fallen out of favor with Trump since criticizing the president's Charlottesville responses.
GOP Candidates Distance Themselves From Trump But Embrace His Favorite Islamophobe. Three of them are even involved with noted bigot Frank Gaffney's conference.
Donald Trump Jr. Uses YouTube Shooting To Make Incoherent Rant About The Left. "Calm down and think before you spout off on serious issues," wrote one commenter.
Ex-Convict Who Slept With His Teenage Employee Is Set To Become Richmond’s Next Mayor. Joe Morrissey has cobbled together an unlikely coalition of voters in Virginia’s capital.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Alabama Goes For Steve Bannon's Candidate. Take a look at some of Roy Moore's most controversial moments.
With Gun Sales Down, The NRA Is Getting Into The Insurance Market. And unsurprisingly, it seems like a scam.
This Governor Is Defying The GOP And Pushing To Expand Medicaid To Over Half A Million People. North Carolina Republicans passed a law in 2013 that blocks the governor from expanding Medicaid in the state.
North Korea And Venezuela: The Next Terrorist Frontiers. It's likely any military actions against the countries would turn out like other recent U.S. invasions.
Trump Pledges To 'Rescue' Kids From Failing Schools. He also warned that new immigrants could 'overwhelm' schools and hospitals.
Democrats Play Nice And Normal With Trump In Nominee Hearings. Two days of confirmation sessions show a party trying to prove "we're still the sane folks" compared with the president-elect. And that may never work.
Donald Trump Goes Quiet On Twitter After Losing Iowa. It's been over 13 hours since he tweeted.
At Selma and Around the World, Pete Seeger Brought Us Closer Together. Pete's fingers can strum no longer, but, thanks to him, people around the world can have many "singing tomorrows."
Duke University Is Removing The Robert E. Lee Statue From Its Chapel. Students made clear they don't want the Confederate monument.
The Hubris Of The Clinton Ground Game. This piece was first published in Jacobin under the headline ‘Garbage In, Garbage Out.’ It is now becoming clear that Clinton’s
Abortion Providers Are Too Scared To Even Talk About Security. "I won't say exactly what precautions our doctors take, because we do keep that pretty private."
Hillary Clinton Aims To Regain Momentum At Debate After Surprise Defeat In Michigan. Expect lots of talk targeting Latino voters.
Watch The Ferguson Protests Unfold On Social Media, Again. How #Ferguson became #HandsUpDontShoot.
Democrats Take Florida District That Went Narrowly For Trump. A backlash to the president is helping the party pick up seats in state legislatures.
Millions Of Kids Might Lose Health Care Because Congress Dropped The Ball. Parents are scared, state officials are scrambling and Congress is about to go on vacation.
Feds Make Terrorism-Related Arrests In California And Texas. SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — Authorities said Thursday that two people have been arrested on terrorism-related charges in California
Bill Maher Announces 'Winning Loser' Of His 'Flip A District' Campaign.
Man Ordered To Pay $1 Million For Cutting Fire Hose During Freddie Gray Protests. 22-year-old Gregory Butler Jr. was also sentenced to 250 hours of community service.
Here's Who Went To A Top-Secret Meeting Of America's Most Powerful People. The American Enterprise Institute forum brought together a bunch of really rich, really powerful people.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Reflects On A Polarizing Term One Month Out. “It’s hard not to have a big year at the Supreme Court,” she said.
Six Black Politicians You Probably Didn't Learn About In School.
Obama Says Anti-Cop Rhetoric Can Hurt Black Lives Matter. "If we paint police in a broad brush...then we're going to lose allies in the reform cause."
Comedian Stunned After Asking Man In Confederate Flag Shirt If He’s Pro-Slavery. Jason Selvig of the comedy duo Good Liars said he was so perplexed that he asked the question three times, hoping for a direct answer.
Control Of Virginia's House Of Delegates Could Come Down To Drawing Straws. Or picking a name from a hat. Or flipping a coin...
Elizabeth Warren's Message At Netroots Nation. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) spoke at the annual Netroots Nation gathering at the Phoenix Convention Center in Phoenix
What Will Bernie Sanders And His Supporters Learn From New York?. If my social-media feeds are any indication, Hillary Clinton’s big victory in the New York Democratic primary has left many
What You Need To Know About Zuckerberg’s Media Blitz. The Facebook CEO finally apologized for the data breach and talked about regulating the company.
GOP Straight Up Bribes Democratic Senator In Effort To Block Obamacare.
Bill Clinton Questions Hillary's Super Tuesday Plan. The former president is starting to get more deeply involved in his wife's campaign. And he's getting worried.
Deportation Halted For Cambodian Refugee Living In Minnesota As Legal Resident. “Community advocacy played a huge role in convincing the court to re-open his case,” a supporter said.
Meet The Student Who Got The Democratic Candidates To Discuss Black Lives Matter. Sterling Arthur Wilkins said Clinton's answer was strongest, but Sanders' was "genuine."
Lindsey Graham: Trump Should Apologize For Wiretap Claim Or His Credibility Will 'Suffer'. The GOP senator said that Trump's unsubstantiated claim "hurts our democracy."
China's Nuclear Upgrade Raises Concerns in the West. In order to provide a clear picture of the impact China's nuclear upgrade might have on the global balance of power, it is imperative to explore what this upgrade entails.
One Question That Will Get Us ALL Through Thanksgiving Dinner After The Election. May your time with your family this Thanksgiving be full of gratitude.
For RNC Attendees, Putting Clinton In Prison Proves Easier Said Than Done. Some want her behind bars, but aren't sure exactly how. Or why.
Hillary Clinton Seems Very Serious About Thumping Big Business. Antitrust is the Next Big Thing in politics.
Women For Trump – His Female Fans Speak Out. In March, days after Mitt Romney excoriated Donald Trump as a danger to the republic, his niece said she would support the
Batumi Is Beautiful Even If Trump's Activities There Are Not. As the first year of the Trump administration approaches its end, the need for good investigative research about the sprawling
Right to Vote Constitutional Amendment Secures Unanimous Backing of DNC Executive Committee. By committing to the fundamental nature of the right to vote, our political leaders can instead focus on what they should do in elections: trying to earn votes from eligible voters, rather than trying to game voter eligibility and access.
It's Time To Change The Way We Think About Political Polling. There's no "gold standard" anymore.
Trump-Inspired Businessman Wins Indiana’s GOP Senate Primary. He defeated two congressmen and will challenge Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly in November.
Report: Manafort's Former Son-In-Law Cuts Plea Deal, To Cooperate With Government. The guilty plea agreement could add to the legal pressure on Manafort.
Meet Leandra English, The GOP's Latest Boogeyman. What are Republicans so afraid of?
Rep. Todd Young Enters Competitive Indiana Senate Race.
Senate Works Through Night On Path To Pass Historic COVID-19 Aid. The critical coronavirus relief bill got closer to passage after Senate leaders and key moderate Sen. Joe Manchin struck a deal on jobless benefits.
Interior Whistleblower Quits, Lambastes Ryan Zinke's 'Resume Of Failure'. In his resignation letter, Joel Clement calls on Trump's interior secretary to step down and for agency staff to "speak truth to power."
New Report On Ferguson Is Most Thorough Yet. Now, it's up to the community to act.
Carly Fiorina: ‘I’m Going To Let The Boys Fight’. Fiorina wants to face off against Hillary Clinton in a debate so Clinton "won't be able to talk about being a mom or a grandma."
This Is The Bittersweet Part Of Democrats' Sweet Legislative Victory. Democrats were on the cusp of transforming paid leave, child care and home care. Now they're figuring out where they came up short — and when they might get the opportunity to try again.
The Future Of The Democratic Party Will Be Decided By The Supreme Court. Matt Yglesias published a widely shared piece arguing that the Democratic Party is in “deep trouble” Monday morning. The
West Virginia Governor Brings Out Actual Bulls**t To Show What He Thinks Of Budget Bill. 💩
Bernie Sanders Slams Trump: 'Let Me Tell You What A Curse On The American People Is'. The Vermont senator ripped the president shortly after Trump attacked him on Twitter.
Why Democrats Would Be Smart To Let Donald Trump Put Peter Thiel On The Supreme Court. The hottest of hot takes on the stupidest of ideas.
What We Know About Rinat Akhmetshin, The Lobbyist Who Met With Donald Trump Jr.. The Russian-American was accused of orchestrating a cyberattack against a Russian mining company a few years ago.
Couple Lovingly Bickers Over Who Should Be President After 37 Years Of Marriage. Make America Love Again.
Alabama Conducts Voter Fraud Investigation Based On Man's Off-The-Cuff Comment. The Secretary of State's Office said Thursday that the man in question is indeed a registered voter in the state.
What The Boston Globe Doesn't Get About Donald Trump. The danger isn't that no one would stand up to President Trump. The danger is that they would.
Thursday's Morning Email: House GOP Pushes To Undo Obama's Legacy. Is the ACA next?
Minnesota Democrat Turns Frustration Over Shutdowns Into A Run For Congress. Leah Phifer was furloughed in 2013, and now she wants to help stop the dysfunction.
Hillary Clinton Wins Missouri Democratic Primary. It was a razor-thin race that took two days to call.
ISIS Is On The Run In Mosul, A Campaign Trump Called 'A Total Disaster'. "A group of losers," according to Trump, appear to have retaken the Iraqi city.
How Views On Guns Have Changed Since The Parkland Shooting. Interest in new gun restrictions went up at first. That hasn't necessarily lasted.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Trump And Clinton Lead, But Iowa Polling Remains Volatile With A Week To Go. New Hampshire polls seem fairly stable by comparison.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Proposes Bigly Increase In Military Spending. Donald Trump ended his media blacklist, allowing us to attend his rallies as press ― and on a completely unrelated note
Trump's First Two Weeks On The Environment: The Bad, The Good And The Ugly. It’s been two chaotic, unsettling weeks since Donald Trump was inaugurated. Whoever first offered the curse, “May you live
Barack Obama Is 'Most Admired Man' For 10th Year In A Row, Gallup Poll Says. For the 22nd time, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman.
RNC Request To Send Christmas Greetings To The Trumps Goes Awry. "Where should we send the lumps of coal?"
Arizona's Rusty Bowers Comes Out Against A 2024 Trump Bid. The state House speaker testified before the Jan. 6 committee investigating Trump's efforts to cling to power.
McCarthyism 2.0: Trump's First Two Months In Office. Under McTrumpism, the most menacing bogeyman of all is the president’s predecessor in the Oval Office.
Obama To Impose Major New Regulations On Drilling.
Don't Worry About Trump The Fascist. Trump The Inept Will Save Us.. Or so his critics keep hoping.
Trump's Defense Chief: We're Not In Iraq To Seize Anybody's Oil. “I think all of us here in this room, all of us in America have generally paid for our gas and oil all along and I’m sure that we will continue to do so in the future."
Humanist Group Claims 24 Members Of Congress Privately Admitted To Being Atheists.
Obama To Call For More Icebreakers In The Arctic. President Obama on Tuesday will propose speeding the acquisition and building of new Coast Guard icebreakers that can operate
Republicans Already Lying That California's Recall Election Is 'Rigged'. Donald Trump and company are dusting off their 2020 conspiracy theories as polls show the effort to recall Gov. Gavin Newsom is losing steam.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Asks Buffalo To Elect ‘Badass’ India Walton As Mayor. At a rally, the New York congresswoman also framed a Walton victory as important for American democracy.
Hillary Clinton Will Air TV Ads In California To Compete With Bernie Sanders. Hillary Clinton is poised to start airing her first television commercials in California on Friday, a campaign official tells
Dear Twitter, Its Time To Suspend Donald Trump. Dear Twitter, I’m sure you never imagined one day you’d have to disable the account of a sitting American President, but
Marco Rubio Gets A Boost In The Polls. Two New Hampshire polls and one national poll released this week show gains for Rubio.
Trump Again Proves His Claim About Waiting For 'Facts' After Charlottesville Was Garbage. He's quickly issued strong statements on other violent incidents, but didn't want to make a "quick statement" on Charlottesville.
This Is Where Washington's Power Elite Likes To Go To Relax.
White House Hit With Several Shocking Reports In Less Than A Day. Trump's relationships with Jeff Sessions, Hope Hicks and Jared Kushner have all come under fire.
Donald Trump Won't Be Seeing Anyone In Court Over His Travel Ban Just Yet. Rather than taking his case to the nation's top court, administration lawyers will be very busy elsewhere.
Welcome To Drop-Out City, South Carolina. With another primary on the books, it’s time to take stock of which Republicans should stay in the race and who should bounce.
U.S. To Suspend Security Aid To Pakistan. The State Department said Pakistan could receive the funding if it takes decisive action against terrorism.
Trump Administration Is Illegally Denying Unnamed U.S. ISIS Suspect Access To Lawyers: ACLU. The ACLU will argue that by keeping the suspect’s name a secret, the government is effectively denying him access to justice.
Trump-Installed Consumer Agency Head Sets Hiring Freeze, Halts New Rules. Leandra English told reporters that “Mulvaney has no authority” at the agency.
The Scam Behind Donald Trump’s Political Rise. Ignoring evidence, the party bought into the image of a savvy, successful businessman.
'West Wing' Cast Reunites To Campaign For Hillary Clinton In Ohio. Let Hillary be Hillary.
Immigrants Will Suffer The Worst After Harvey In Anti-Immigrant Texas. Houston is currently dealing with the catastrophic effects from Hurricane Harvey. The statistics regarding the storm are
Some States Throw Untested Rape Kits In The Trash. These Survivors Want To Change That.. New legislation could prevent critical evidence in sexual assault cases from being destroyed.
Democrats Flip State House Seats In 2 Districts That Trump Won By Double Digits. New signs a wave may be building.
The Hate That Grows In Our Soil. We must interrogate what it means to leave these symbols intact to embolden a new generation of hateful, bitter white people.
Kris Kobach Claims It’s Not That Hard For Would-Be Voters To Prove Citizenship. Witnesses in the case challenging a Kansas law explain just how much “patience and gumption” it can take.
Wendy Davis Looks To Get Campaign Back On Track.
The Feds Have Made 625+ Capitol Riot Arrests. They Still Have A Long Way To Go.. Nine months after the Jan. 6 attack, the FBI has nabbed a quarter of the estimated 2,500 potential Capitol defendants.
Trump Launches The 'War On Christmas' In July. Is it that time of year already?
GOP Candidates, Learn From Muhammad Ali. Fierce and funny, The Greatest stood for his ideals when it was hard.
Top Allies Break With Ryan Over Trump. Two prominent House allies of Paul Ryan broke with the speaker Friday over his decision to withhold support from Donald Trump
Rep. Adam Schiff: 'Circumstantial Evidence' Indicates Trump Camp, Russia Collusion. "The American people have a right to know" what happened, says Schiff.
Fighting Cyberattacks With Volunteers. Michigan’s volunteer cybersecurity team can be deployed only in massive cyber emergencies. A bill in the Legislature would
NYC's Top Cop Chastises Trump For Fear-Mongering About Muslims. "Unnecessary fear is being created," said NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton.
Baltimore Mayor Says Rise In Violent Crime 'Is Not About Freddie Gray'. "We want to focus on ... reforming the police department, improving the relationship between the community and the police," she adds.
Military Must Impose Significant Consequences Against Marines United Group Members. The scandal vividly demonstrates that some believe they are above the law when it comes to the harassment of women.
Justice Department Blindsided Banking Agency On Marijuana Reversal: Report. Critics said the Justice Department’s decision could drive banks out of the cannabis industry.
The RNC Will Support Roy Moore After Pulling Funding Over Misconduct Allegations. The move follows an endorsement from President Donald Trump.
The Cost Of Enabling Trump. The death-defying roller coaster that is the Trump presidency is both exhilarating and tiring. While each day seems to bring
The United Base Of America. Ok, let’s dismiss the continuing fantasy that Donald Trump is the president of all Americans. He’s not. And he’s never going
What 'Key & Peele' Gets Right About Black Republicans, According To A Top Black Republican. Former RNC Chairman Michael Steele just proved a politician can have a sense of humor.
Top Biden Aide Lays Out Potential 2016 Platform. "If he runs, he will run because of his burning conviction that we need to fundamentally change the balance in our economy and the political structure to restore the ability of the middle class to get ahead."
Hillary Clinton Tries To Win Support Of Utah Mormons In Op-Ed. The historically red state is not too thrilled about Donald Trump.
Texas House Map Must Be Redrawn, Federal Court Says. The court said lawmakers intentionally discriminated against minorities.
More Than 60 Democratic Lawmakers Are Boycotting Donald Trump's Inauguration. "I will not be celebrating or honoring an incoming president who rode racism, sexism, xenophobia and bigotry to the White House."
Arizona Ballot Collection Law Put On Hold In Victory For Voter Access. The GOP-backed law prohibits advocacy groups from collecting ballots from voters and delivering them to election offices.
White House Attorney: Trump Is ’Very Eager’ To Speak With Robert Mueller In Russia Probe. When asked if he'd be willing to be interviewed for the probe, Trump was noncommittal.
America Thinks Donald Trump’s Debate Performance Was A Catastrophe. Three debates -- three losses for The Donald.
Obama Reportedly Names Racist Trump Insult That 'Still Shocks And Pisses Me Off'. The former president sounds off on Trump's coronavirus nicknames.
Elizabeth Warren Just Trolled Wells Fargo's CEO So Hard. The senator had some rather pointed questions for the executive in the wake of his bank's scandal.
Mitch McConnell Set To Go 'Nuclear' To Break Supreme Court Filibuster. The Republicans' historic move ends the Senate minority's power to stall any nominees, clears path for Neil Gorsuch.
How Does Wilson Fire Six Shots, While Getting Beaten, Without Gunshot Residue On Michael Brown?. What if Brown was pretending to charge after taunting verbally, in an arrogant act of defiance, with the intent of pulling back? What if Brown was running, but quickly turned back to surrender, and Wilson mistook that for charging, what then?
Sheila Bair Says There's A Big Problem With ‘The Big Short’. She won't even watch it.
Pennsylvania Mayor Posts Racist Meme About Lynching President Obama. Charles Wasko is being urged to resign, but he may seek reelection instead.
Sandy Hook Father To Alex Jones: 'I'm Not Backing Down'. Neil Heslin said he is prepared for a  "knock-down, drag-out fight" in court.
Civil Rights Organizations Urge Muslims To Get To Know Their Rights. With Donald Trump's troubling executive order threatening Muslims and immigrants, time is of the essence.
Current SSI Levels Leave Low-Income Seniors Out in the Cold. Most people have an idea of practical ways to keeps seniors safe this winter: space heaters, rubber-soled boots, or clearing your elderly neighbor's icy sidewalks. But the big-picture safety issues unfortunately cannot be solved with a shovel and some salt.
How A Police Body Camera Law Gets Chewed Up And Spit Out. Body camera footage is quickly going from public to private all over the country.
Donald Trump Wants To Weaponize Justice Department Against Hillary Clinton Yet Again. He also took some jabs at "Pocahontas" and "Crazy Bernie."
South Dakota GOP Rushes To Repeal Ethics Reforms Passed By Voters. Much like their national counterparts, they're not eager for oversight.
A Ferguson Window: 'Get the F Off the Street'. Wilson and aspects of police culture need to be held accountable for their role in this process including Wilson's very minimal de-escalation efforts. Such accountability is an actual human need of anyone involved in a process of harm.
Rebuffing Yet Another Trump Attack, Sessions Pledges To Do Job With 'Integrity And Honor'. The attorney general pushed back after Trump called his actions "DISGRACEFUL!"
Rob Reiner: 'I'll Do Whatever I Can' To Get Hillary Elected In 2016.
Biden Administration Extends Eviction Moratorium For 30 Days. The move will provide relief to tenants who have struggled to pay their rent during the coronavirus pandemic.
Mississippi Governor Signs Law Allowing Guns In Churches. Participants would need training, but don't need a permit to carry a gun into churches.
Obama Can't Believe Trump Thinks The Election Will Be 'Rigged'. “Of course the election will not be rigged! What does that mean?!”
Donald Trump Uses London Tube Attack To Promote Travel Ban. Because of course he did.
Here's What Happened Last Time An Outgoing President Made A Supreme Court Nomination. There's no recent precedent for the crisis Scalia's death just triggered.
Marco Rubio's Rivals Take Aim At His History On Immigration. As the senator rises in the polls, his opponents are raising his previous work on immigration reform.
Does Donald Trump Really Want To Win The Nomination?. There are signs that suggest maybe not. Hey, let’s speculate.
MIT Should Do Better. All universities need money for research and student support, but they do not have to advertise and glorify the name of donors
Taipei's Sustainable Urban Design. Michelle Peters discusses how Taipei's riverside park bike path system maintains outdoor green space and a symbiotic relationship with the natural environment, even in the midst of urban expansion.
Tweeters Rip 'Zombie' Donald Trump Over 'Listening Session' Cheat Sheet. "Literally needs to be spoon-fed words that project empathy. A profoundly defective human being."
U.S. Pauses Plan To Give COVID-19 Vaccine To Guantanamo Prisoners. None of the 40 prisoners held at the detention center have received the vaccination, according to the Pentagon.
Trump To Visit Ground Zero Of The Anti-Trump Resistance: California. The president's plan to tour border wall prototypes is another slap at a state that considers itself at war with his administration.
Democrats Are Slowly Getting More Critical Of Israel. “The myth of shared values is coming to an end,” a Palestinian American activist said.
New Yorkers Seem To Be Warming Up To Donald Trump. A majority of the state voted for Hillary Clinton, but the president-elect is becoming more popular among residents.
The Chorus Of Calls For Bipartisanship Has Fallen Silent Now That Donald Trump's President. The pundits who wouldn't stop haranguing Barack Obama to reach across the aisle seem to have lost their voices.
North Carolina Delays Certifying Results Of Congressional Race Amid Probe Of Irregularities. State investigators are reportedly examining issues with absentee ballots.
41 Photos Of Presidential Pets Over Time. For animal lovers and history buffs alike.
Republican Grail Of A Balanced Budget Slips Further Away As Deficit Climbs. Adopting a GOP budget just got a lot tougher with projections of the first deficit increase since Democrats controlled Congress.
State Department Official Pressured FBI To Unclassify Some Clinton Emails: FBI Documents. By Jonathan Allen NEW YORK (Reuters) - A senior official at the U.S. State Department tried to push the Federal Bureau of
Proud Community, Proud Americans. Through the "Russian American Person of Year" Awards, this social cohesion is paired with civic engagement as well as consciousness about the need to preserve and pass on language, culture, traditions.
Ted Cruz: Voters Should Spank Hillary Clinton Like I Spank My 5-Year-Old. The GOP presidential candidate said he punishes his daughter when "she says something she knows to be false."
Republicans Gear Up For The Great Grouse War Of 2014.
The Mooch, The Donald, And The Goldmanization Of Government. Trump has surrendered the nation’s economic policy to the Goldman agenda.
Clinton Foundation Accepted Qatar's $1 Million Birthday Gift For Bill Clinton. The move is controversial as Clinton had promised to disclose foreign support while she was in the State Department.
Here's What's Happening With The Dreamer Program That Helped Lead To A Shutdown. Republicans argue it's not that urgent to find a fix. But their claims that nothing happens until March aren't true.
These School District Borders Separate The Haves From The Have Nots. Just a few miles can separate an enclave of affluence from a struggling school.
Obama Hasn't Delivered for Working Families. It's Time for a New Playbook.. Last week, President Obama asked the American people to keep his liberal economic policies at the front of their minds this election season. Or as he put it: "These policies are on the ballot -- every single one of them."
What Donald Trump Doesn't Want You To Know About His Twitter Followers. Fake views.
Chuck Schumer Says Senate Democrats Are Open To Single-Payer Health Care. The Democratic party was "too cautious" in the past, he said.
Dem Group Boosts Rep's GOP Challenger In Hopes Of Splitting Primary Vote.
Social Security Is Increasingly Crucial To Kids, Report Finds. Some 6.4 million children rely on the benefits of a program that has traditionally served as a lifeline to retirees.
Here Are Some Important Issues That Got No Mention During The Democratic Debate. More important than Iowa or Hillary Clinton's "damn emails."
Melania Trump's Meeting With Facebook, Twitter To Target Cyberbullying — And People Are Beside Themselves. On the same day President Trump announced by tweet that he was replacing Rex Tillerson as secretary of state, the Washington
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: Donald Trump's Response To Khizr Khan 'Showed His Lack Of Compassion'. The NBA legend was not impressed with the GOP nominee after the Democratic National Convention.
NSA Head Mike Rogers, Congress' Punching Bag. In Washington, you're never too good to be dragged into someone else's scandal.
Democrats Slam Trump's Immigration Ban As Callous And Cruel. The Statue of Liberty is crying, Nancy Pelosi said.
Fox News Guest Personally Asks Donald Trump To Bomb Syrian Air Force During Segment. “President Trump, I’m speaking to you directly,” Bassam Rifai said during an interview on Fox News.
Ray Buckley Wants To Be The DNC’s Organization Man. The New Hampshire Democratic Party chair is hoping experience beats charisma.
Lawmakers Press John Boehner To Give Gun Safety Bills A Vote. Several bills are out there that the House could vote on.
Trump's Plan To Address The Opioid Crisis: Tell Kids Drugs Are Bad. The president continues to push a stale, ineffective solution to the drug crisis.
Jeb Bush Calls For Crackdown On Sanctuary Cities In Immigration Plan. Bush's proposals are heavy on enforcement, light on detail about undocumented immigrants.
5 Tips For Reading The Polls Like A Pro. Never forget that polls aren't perfect.
White House Finally Reveals Whether Donald Trump Has Confidence In Jeff Sessions. The president does, despite spokespeople refusing to comment on the matter for days.
No Social Security Number? No Lights. Some cities require anyone who wants to open a public utility account — lights, gas, water, phone — to provide a Social Security
YouTube Suspends GOP Sen. Ron Johnson For COVID-19 'Misinformation'. The Wisconsin Republican's one-week ban from uploading videos stems from his comments to the Milwaukee Press Club event, which were posted on the platform.
Of Course Sean Spicer's Goodbye Email Contained A Typo. "Wouldn't be authentic Spicer without that typo."
Donald Trump Jr. Mocks Texas At CPAC Dallas And Gets The Tumbleweed Treatment. “Way to insult the people you want on side,” one Twitter user responded to Donald Trump’s son. “Tough room,” joked another.
Report Fuels Anthony Kennedy Retirement Rumors. The Supreme Court justice apparently has told some people he's considering stepping down from the bench.
Obama's New Cuba Policy Corrects a Five-Decade Failure. The policy changes are not a reward for the Castros. They are a recognition that involvement, not estrangement, will foster a productive relationship better able to reach our goals of an inclusive, democratic hemisphere.
Ferguson Is Not Among The Most Dangerous Places In The World, Donald Trump. He's wrong ... again.
Past Glitches Haunt States Readying For Second Health Care Enrollment Season.
Obama. The sooner that the country comes to the realization that whatever the Republicans try to do to Obama in the next two years, his first term successes have already won him a place in history as a very successful president.
Gun Proponents Aren't Interested In Facts Or Science. When all is really said and done, there’s one basic point of disagreement between Gun-sense Nation on the one hand, and Gun
News Roundup for June 27, 2017. The news isn’t quite on fire but it may as well be. 1. Immigrant soldiers who fought for the United States may be deported
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On March 16. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump Says He's 'Not Happy' With Tom Price As House Opens Probe Into Private Plane Travel. The Health and Human Services secretary has reportedly spent $400,000 on private planes since May.
Sanders Can Be The Lincoln Of Our Times. Emancipate Our Generation from the One Percent with a Revolutionary People’s Party “We are slain. The party is dead—dead
Obama Condemns 'Cynical' GOP Race Baiting In Virginia Governor's Race. "I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said.
Trump Wishes Everyone A 'Happy' Crucifixion Day. The COVID-19 death toll made the president's wish particularly jarring.
Friday's Morning Email: State Department Officials Lobby For Military Strikes In Syria. 51 officials called for a change to President Obama's Syria strategy.
New Program Seeks To Make Democrats' Campaigns As Diverse As Their Voters. Helping more young people of color become staffers is key.
Could The Electoral College Dump Trump? Dems' Dangerous Wishes. Could the Electoral College act to vote for Hillary Clinton, who won and continues to expand a lead in the popular vote, and
Why Can't Obama Enforce Peace Between Palestine and Israel?. If U.S. President Barack Obama believes so strongly in the diplomatic approach, to the point that he has angered Israel -- one of America's closest allies -- by making up with Iran over the nuclear dossier, then why can't he enforce peace between Palestine and Israel?
Elizabeth Warren Has A Plan To Make Health Care Coverage Cheaper And More Reliable. The Massachusetts senator’s new bill would increase consumer subsidies and force insurers to accept tougher rules.
Donald Trump's Company Denies Reports Of Taiwan Hotel Development. Trump broke with decades of foreign policy by speaking with the leader of Taiwan Friday.
Report: Rachel Brand, Justice Department's No. 3, Official To Resign. Brand was next in line of succession to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for oversight of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe.
My Take on Ferguson. I realize that many factors play a role in the examples I cite above, including the judicial system itself; official versus real life police attitudes, not to mention the law and recent questionable policing techniques implemented in New York City and elsewhere.
Mitch McConnell Says 'Women's Health' Five Times In Attempt To Defund Planned Parenthood. He really wanted to get his point across.
Union Members Irate After Their Photo Appears In GOP Candidate's Attack Ad.
Hillary Clinton Clarifies Her Stance On $15 Minimum Wage. She'd sign such a bill, with major caveats.
A New Poll Shows The GOP Is More Trump's Party Than Paul Ryan's. The House speaker is well liked within his party, but most Republicans aren't especially sad to see him go.
CHARLIE COOK: Hillary 'Rusty,' 'Has Lost Her Fastball'.
The Stain That Trump Has Left On America. By Maria Behan I came this close to taking the month of June off. I covered FBI Director James Comey’s shocking dismissal
HUFFPOLLSTER: Most Americans Support A Pathway To Citizenship For Unauthorized Immigrants. Even Republicans -- especially those under age 30 -- support reform.
Pharma Mogul Raymond Sackler, Whose Drug Spawned An Epidemic, Died Peacefully At 97. 91 Americans died of opioid overdoses the same day.
Jewish Family Fears For Safety After Conservative Media Blames Them For Christmas Play Cancellation (UPDATE). The school says it absolutely did not cancel the production because of religious complaints.
Death And Taxes. Despite its exclusive benefits for uber-wealthy Americans, a broad swath of the population still opposes repealing the estate tax. Why?
On New Jersey's Bayshore, Waiting For A Post-Sandy Recovery That Never Came. Five years after the storm, decaying boardwalks, abandoned bungalows and exposed septic tanks show Money Island has received little to earn its name.
Donald Trump Brags About Electoral College Votes (Again) When Asked About Anti-Semitism. "306 Electoral College votes."
Capitalism: Republicans and Regulations. Despite their claims to the contrary, regulations and restrictions are a staple of the Republican agenda, and they always will be as long as the Republicans and their friends are the ones who benefit in the end.  Just follow the very clear money trail.
Trump Lawyer Attended DOJ Meeting On Confidential FBI Informant. Emmet Flood, the White House attorney dealing with the Russia probe, was present at a controversial DOJ meeting about the investigation.
Mike Pence's 'Cancel Culture' Rallying Cry Is Too Much For Folks On Twitter. The former vice president vowed not to be “silent in the face of Cancel Culture,” and you know what happened next.
Donald Trump’s Interior Pick Compares Oil Drilling To Hunting And Fishing. Ah, the great outdoors. Deer frolic. Trout leap from streams. Heavily polluting fuel gurgles.
Freedom Caucus Sinks Key Part Of Paul Ryan's Welfare Reform Agenda. A fight over immigration ended up tanking the farm bill.
Progressive Groups Urge North Carolina Governor Not To Break Abortion Promise.
Sanders: Clinton 'Not Qualified' To Be President. Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president, Bernie Sanders told a crowd of supporters in Philadelphia on Wednesday
Will A Mega-Billionaire Rescue America From GOP’s Insurance Mayhem?. Before recommending a practical way to reverse the devastating impact of Congressional Republicans’ attempts to strip tens
Hillary Clinton Partly Blames Voter Suppression For Her Loss, But Experts Aren't So Sure. They say Democrats have been talking up a flawed study.
Democratic Candidates Compete To Woo Unions. Six presidential hopefuls declared support for a $15 federal minimum wage.
Major Donors On Left Consider Funding Black Lives Matter. Some of the biggest donors on the left plan to meet behind closed doors next week in Washington with leaders of the Black
How One Conservative Group Is Trying To Inspire Millennial Women. They sell "Fox News & Chill" socks.
Reince Priebus Says GOP Will Never Support White Supremacist David Duke. But he can't stop Duke from piggybacking on the Donald Trump campaign.
Chicago Police Really Didn't Want To Release Video Of A Cop Shooting Laquan McDonald 16 Times. It took over a year for the video to become public.
Harry Reid Attacks Republicans' Patriotism For Enabling Donald Trump. "They say they believe in 'Country First.' What a joke."
Lindsey Graham Vows To Oppose Any Effort To Blow Up The Filibuster. The filibuster is the last remaining check on Donald Trump, and Lindsey Graham wants it to stay.
Trump Campaign Releases Ad Slamming Dems For 'Utterly Disgraceful' Sitting During SOTU. "The Democrats just sat there."
Heavy Rains, Flooding Damage Thousands Of Homes In The South. The storms killed several people over the weekend. Two fishermen are also missing.
'Tell Me How This Ends?'. David Petraeus finally answers his own question.
Romney: Don't Rule Out Sending U.S. Troops To Fight Islamic State.
Senate Committee Advances Bill To Protect Robert Mueller. Republicans and Democrats just rebuked Trump's efforts to oust the man investigating his campaign's Russia ties.
Trump Is His Own Worst Spokesman, Americans Say In Poll. And more of the latest polling news.
Trump's Immigration Crackdown Could Endanger Domestic Violence Victims. In Trump's America, undocumented victims may feel they face a difficult choice: Ask for help and risk “outing” themselves to authorities, or suffer in silence.
ISIS vs ISIL -- What's in a Name?. Within any given newscast, we can see Administration spokespeople wax on about ISIL while the anchors, analysts and correspondents keep saying ISIS, sometimes directly to one another within the same conversation. How are we to agree on a long term strategy to eradicate this evil if we can't agree on what to call them?
A Comprehensive List Of Everything Don Jr. Doesn't Know About That Infamous Meeting. All 216 things.
Memo To Nikki Haley: Hugs Won't End Racism. Violence is not the answer. Activism is.
West Virginia Lawmaker Caught On Camera Singing N-Word In Lil Wayne Song. West Virginia House Delegate Saira Blair, 21, became the youngest elected U.S. legislator in 2014.
Same-Sex Marriage Opposition Won't Get Anyone Elected President -- It May Block Their Path. While some candidates hold their ground, promising to pursue a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage if the Supreme Court upholds recognition of it in rulings expected this month, the movement in support of same-sex marriage is simply tectonic.
Donald Trump Campaigns In Crucial Battleground Of Washington, D.C.. If you can call plugging his new hotel "campaigning."
The Killing Of Khalid Jabara Is An American Tragedy. In a time of rising Islamophobia and anti-Arab hate, a beloved Oklahoma man is gunned down.
A Medicaid Work Requirement Would Be Bad Policy Without The Opioid Crisis. It's Disastrous With It.. The first state waiver is likely to be from Kentucky -- a state that has benefited enormously from Medicaid coverage for people facing opioid addiction
Senate Inches Forward On Highway Bill As Time Runs Out. Transportation projects will grind to a halt if Congress doesn't act.
‘Tell The Truth Or Your 3 Kids Will Be Fatally Shot': Election Officials Detail Threats. A voting rights bill before the Senate contains new protections for election officials.
The Deadly Consequences Of Solitary With A Cellmate. On November 19, 2014, the door clanged shut behind David Sesson and Bernard Simmons. Sesson put his hands through the food
Trump White House Says It Won't Be Transparent At All Because Obama Wasn't Transparent Enough. Thanks, Obama.
Paul Ryan Responds To Donald Trump's Misogyny. That Trump endorsement thing is working out great!
Millions Of Kids Honor 9/11 By Singing The National Anthem. A former education reporter came up with the sing-a-long as as way to teach children about that day.
The Dictionary Shuts Down Kellyanne Conway's Idea Of 'Alternative Facts'. Merriam-Webster reminds the president's adviser that facts, by definition, are based in reality.
Hillary Clinton: U.S. Must 'Face Hard Truths' On Race And Violence.
Bernie Sanders Wins Democratic Caucus In Washington State. Tens of thousands of people in the state attended Sanders' rallies.
Unequal and Unhappy. Over the past 35 years, Americans have become $27 trillion wealthier. That's an extra $90,000 per person, or $360,000 for a family of four. But it doesn't seem to be making us better off.
Dreaming Of Impeachment? Be Careful What You Wish For.. Even the author of "The Case For Impeachment" hopes it doesn't come to that.
Bernie Sanders Lashes Ryan Zinke On Climate Change, Native Americans. The Montana congressman, nominated for interior secretary, broke with Donald Trump on a key issue.
Why Hispanics Are Leaving Some Southern Counties. In some Southern counties, Hispanic populations are declining. Laws intended to crack down on illegal immigration may be
Capitol Rioter Who Bragged About Her 'Infamy' Sentenced To Prison. "Can't wait to tell my grandkids i was here!" Gracyn Courtright posted on Instagram on Jan. 6.
Nonsense 2016 Scenarios That Will (Probably) Never Happen: GOP Edition. Let the madness begin.
People Can’t Get Over Mike Pence’s Latest 'Ridiculous' Praise Of Donald Trump. “Do you think these guys wake up in the morning and say to themselves 'What is the craziest thing I can say in defense of the boss today?'" wrote journalist Mehdi Hasan.
Obama Heads To Philippines As U.S. Announces Defense Pact.
Donald Trump And Hillary Clinton Set For Clash On Gun Control. If more people were armed, Donald J. Trump says at rallies, mass shootings like those in Paris and San Bernardino would be
Former FDA Commissioner: U.S. Has Probably ‘Failed To Contain’ Monkeypox. "I think the window for getting control of this and containing it probably has closed," Scott Gottlieb told "Face the Nation."
Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Appointed By Scott Walker Once Mocked 'Queers' Who Get AIDS. Rebecca Bradley said she is embarrassed by her old columns but "they have nothing to do" with her current work.
Monday's Morning Email: Everything You Need To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle's Engagement. Let the countdown until the royal wedding begin.
Meet A Fierce Female Politician Fighting Gentrification To Save Her Home And Yours. Educating about citizen displacement is just one aspect of Tanya Washington’s mission to champion the people.
The White House Had A Plan To Help The Long-Term Jobless. How's It Going?.
Trump’s Anti-Muslim Ban Could Apply To People Who've Never Been To The 7 Countries It Targets. It's way more extensive than he wants you to think.
This Week in World War I, January 17-23, 1915. The products of American industry had always been available to the Allies. In fact the period from 1914 on had seen an economic boom in the U.S. as European wartime demand had meant a steady stream of orders across the Atlantic. With America's entry, however, the terms of trade would become considerably more flexible and easier to finance.
Republican Women Running For Office Find Politics Is All About Trump. The Republican Party, voters and candidates alike, has long been less accepting of what has become known as “identity politics
News Roundup for August 18, 2017. At least it’s the weekend soon. 1. Trump continues to fuck up, and his own party is turning on him. When do we get to fix
Hillary Clinton On Latest Email News: 'There Is No Case Here'. Clinton says she's confident there are no grounds for any charges.
Al Franken Will Leave Senate In Early January. The Democratic senator announced his plans to resign earlier this month in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations.
All The Things The NRA Has Blamed For The Texas School Shooting. Godlessness. Too many doors in schools. Ritalin. Guess what's not on the list?
Betsy DeVos Tries To Enter Public School, Gets Blocked By Protesters. "Shame!" one demonstrator yelled.
Americans Oppose Police Militarization, Poll Finds.
Prayer Cards Of 9/11 Leave Jon Stewart Stunned. A dying firefighter brought them to Washington to convince politicians they really should never forget.
Donald Trump Has Earned Nearly $2 Billion Worth Of Media Attention. Of all the ways Donald Trump has shocked the political system, one of the most significant is how he wins primary after primary
Gov. Kasich Makes Heroin Overdose Drug Available Without Prescription. WASHINGTON -- Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) on Thursday took a dramatic step toward addressing the devastating toll the opioid
Democrats Score Special Election Upset In Wisconsin GOP Stronghold. Donald Trump won the 10th Senate District in Wisconsin handily in 2016.
Mueller's Investigative Noose Tightens Around Trump's White House. Robert Mueller is closing in on the president. Much like a python wrapping itself around its prey, his investigative noose
November 2014 Elections Taking Place Today.
Hillary Clinton Sends Pizza To Fans Camping Out Overnight For Her Book Signing. 🍕🍕🍕
Jimmy Carter To Make Rare Address To Britain's House Of Lords. He'll discuss his work over the last 30 years to eradicate the Guinea worm disease.
Paul Ryan's 3 Years Of Arguing Against 'Knee-Jerk' Reactions To Shootings. His biggest fear: taking away gun rights.
Congress Is Still Giving 'Quiet Endorsement' To Murders. "Silence in the face of this rash of mass shootings has become complicity."
Tuesday's Morning Email: Feds Secretly Wiretapped Paul Manafort Before And After Election. Investigators gathered information about Russia and the campaign, according to CNN.
Google Workers Stage Large-Scale Walkout To Protest Trump's Executive Order On Immigration. Googlers united against the president's decision to restrict immigration and travel from certain predominantly Muslim countries.
Were Trump's Vulgar Comments Just 'Harmless Locker Room Banter'? Hell No.. Honestly, what the f*ck is wrong with him?
Americans Don't Think The Government Needs 'Experts'. Just 17 percent of Donald Trump voters want him to appoint people with government experience.
These Republicans Who Used To Run The EPA Are Terrified Of Trump, Too. “Donald Trump has shown a profound ignorance of science."
This May Be The Last We See Of Kim Davis' Legal Troubles. An appeals court would not throw out the contempt order that put Davis in jail for refusing to issue marriage licenses.
GOP Leaders Don't Ditch Trump Even After Condemning His Attacks On Muslim War Hero's Family. Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan both denounced Trump's Islamophobia without mentioning his name.
Why Republicans Can't Convince People They Care About Inequality. "It's the one form of bigotry that is still allowed in America, and that's bigotry against the successful."
Reince Priebus Named Donald Trump's White House Chief Of Staff. Steve Bannon, Trump's campaign CEO and former chairman of Breitbart News, will serve as chief strategist and senior counselor.
Trump Attacks 'Out Of Control' California In Sanctuary Fight. Cutting federal funds to the state would be a "weapon," the president said.
What Happened To Norma's Brain?. The mysterious trigger behind one Texan's mental collapse.
Americans Need To Know Trump's Endgame For Syria, Duckworth Tells Constituents. The Illinois senator calls for answers from the White House.
Donald Trump Is Making Someone Else Face The Cameras To Announce DACA's Fate. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a vocal opponent of the Obama-era program, will do the job instead on Tuesday. And he won't be taking questions.
McAuliffe's Folly: The Atlantic 'Trump' Pipeline. Is outgoing Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe a climate change denier? Just asking that question is bound to offend the governor
Anthony Scaramucci Deletes Tweets At Odds With Trump, Then Says He's Being Transparent. Seriously?
Estimating The Costs Of War, Then And Now. Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Who even remembers that, back in September 2002, Lawrence Lindsey, then President George
White House Denies Report That Part of Its  Science And Technology Office Is Empty. Former staffers say the office's science division now has no employees.
California Ballot Measure Fails To Create Many Green Energy Jobs. Only 1,700 jobs have been created in three years.
Border Patrol Violence Must Stop. Jessica Cooke's shocking treatment is sadly symptomatic of a pattern: Border Patrol violence is all over the Internet, victimizing those people who question being excessively harassed during their daily activities (and of course not every incident is caught on camera.)
Blame Austerity, Not Obama, For Slow Economic Recovery. GOP-led spending cuts have led to "the most discouraging recovery on record," an Economic Policy Institute study says.
Arizona Man Charged With Supporting ISIS. PHOENIX (AP) — An Arizona man already accused of helping plan an attack on a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest in Texas in
Federal Judge Rules Handcuffing Little Kids Above Their Elbows Is Unconstitutional. The cuffs twisted the arms of the 8-year-boy behind his back.
The Ukraine: What Would Churchill Do?. Would Winston Churchill have sent troops in to stop Vladimir Putin's grab for the Crimea? Those still calling for military action love to draw parallels with Churchill's early and unyielding opposition to Hitler during the run-up to World War II.
John Kasich: 'My Republican Party Doesn’t Like Ideas'. Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio) criticized his party for a lack of ideas Wednesday in a wide-ranging and occasionally combative
Rep. Adam Schiff Sees Nothing In Nunes' Secret Documents That Can't Be Shared. "These materials should now be provided to the full membership of both committees."
Rudy Giuliani Now Just A Manic Conspiracy Theorist For Trump. From America’s Mayor to America's Maybe-Should-Just-Not
Letter to My Sons on Father's Day. That's what inspired President Obama to launch the My Brother's Keeper Initiative (MBK) -- an initiative I am proud to lead. As someone who grew up without a dad, and then made the decision to take on the joy and responsibility of being an active, engaged father in the lives of his daughters, the President understands that we have the power to break old cycles.  We have the power to change the narrative.
Standing Rock Protesters Won't Be Blockaded As North Dakota Back Down. Tension is increasing as life-threatening weather sets in and the Trump presidency nears.
I'm Proud To Be An 'Alarmist'. With deaths and destruction still being assessed, the California wildfires are bringing us close to the costliest year on
U.S. Politicians Can Afford To Grow A Spine On Saudi Arabia. Five Democrats helped save an arms deal with the kingdom pushed by President Trump. It doesn't have to be this way.
The Car Crash Presidency. It is now six months since Donald Trump took office, and it has been an almost endless car wreck of a presidency. We breathlessly
Trump Threatens Act Of War As Response To Rude Hand Gestures. The GOP nominee’s Florida audience loved the tough talk against Iran.
Trump's Pick To Lead ICE Downplays Family Separations. The acting head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement said there "wasn’t a family separation policy." There was.
Hugh Hewitt Is Backing A Democrat For Senate. The conservative radio host is endorsing Loretta Sanchez in California's Senate race.
PIP Officially Under Threat: House Judiciary Committee Votes To Decimate Military Immigration Parole In Place Policy. If there were doubts about the intention of the current administration with regard to their intent in limiting military connected
Orrin Hatch Trolls Utah Newspaper That Wants Him To Retire. The Salt Lake Tribune denounced Hatch’s “utter lack of integrity that rises from his unquenchable thirst for power.”
Black Lawmakers: America 'Cannot Count' On Jeff Sessions. "It doesn’t matter how Sen. Sessions may smile, [or] how friendly he may be," said civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis.
Donald Trump Tramples Through Northeast, March To Nomination Goes On. His hot hand in the Northeast continues.
Bernie Sanders Blocks Obama Nominee To Lead FDA. "Dr. Califf's extensive ties to the pharmaceutical industry give me no reason to believe that he would make the FDA work for ordinary Americans, rather than just the CEOs of pharmaceutical companies."
Environmental Group Endorses Michelle Nunn, Despite Her Support For Keystone.
Joe Scarborough: Trump's Legal Strategy Is Like 'A Monkey Throwing Poo Against The Wall'. "It doesn't usually turn out well," the MSNBC host said of feces flinging.
Turkey's First Lady Asks Americans To Imagine Brooklyn Bridge Seized By Terrorists. That's what July's attempted coup felt like, Emine Erdogan told an audience in New York.
Friday's Morning Email: Trump's Labor Pick Opposes Significantly Raising Minimum Wage. Meet Andrew Puzder.
Ivanka Trump Incorrectly Names Judaism As 1 Of The 3 'Largest World Religions'. The president's daughter left out several major faiths, including Hinduism, Buddhism and Sikhism.
Lisa Murkowski Is 'Disturbed' By McConnell Coordination With Trump On Impeachment. Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski also said she remained undecided on how she would vote in the president's Senate impeachment trial, according to KTUU.
State Rep. Had Eyebrow-Raising Plan To Hide Relationship With Another Lawmaker, Recordings Show. Lansing — State Rep. Todd Courser planned the distribution of a fictional email alleging he had sex with a male prostitute
Rand Paul Voted Against Repealing Obamacare, Here's Why. On Wednesday this week, the Senate voted on a bill that would repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (more
Poisoning The Well: The View Of Sinclair Broadcast Group From Flint. The conservative media giant dominates local TV in the troubled city, where people say the press hasn’t raked nearly enough muck.
Justice Alito: 'The Constitution Says Nothing About A Right To Same-Sex Marriage'.
As We Tear Down Confederate Monuments, The Civil War Lives On In The Addiction Crisis. Unless we demolish the racist systems that continue to hold back black Americans, we cannot end the drug epidemic in America.
Is This The Tax Plan Blue-Collar Trump Supporters Voted For?. The GOP plan is stuffed with goodies for the richest Americans.
Top Ohio Republicans Are Ditching Trump's 'Pity Party' Rally In The State. GOP Gov. Mike DeWine, who recently slammed Trump over the U.S. Capitol insurrection, has a "family commitment."
Congresswoman To Paul Ryan: Make Blake Farenthold Repay $84,000 Sex Harassment Settlement. Hold the Texas Republican accountable to "the high standards our office demands," says Rep. Jackie Speier.
Democrats Come Up Short But Outperform Expectations In Yet Another Special Election. Is there something happening here?
Trump's Administration Wants Democrats To Fund Wall Mexico Is Supposed To Pay For. They want taxpayers to foot the bill instead.
Obama Reportedly Close To Naming A Supreme Court Nominee. The decision could be announced as early as Wednesday.
House Passes Spending Bill, But Shutdown Threat Remains. Basic governance may yet elude Republicans.
Monday's Morning Email: 'Bipartisan Anger' Growing Over Reported Russian Interference. Trump says the claims are "ridiculous."
EPA Says Scott Pruitt Flies First Class Because Angry People Yell At Him Too Much. A member of the public once told the administrator he was "f**king up the environment."
Kamala Harris Delivers Powerful Response To The Republicans Who Mock Her Name. President Donald Trump, Sen. David Purdue and Fox News host Tucker Carlson have taunted the Democratic vice presidential nominee over her first name.
Trump's Latest Ideas To Combat The Opioid Epidemic Are Also His Dumbest. The president proposed the death penalty for drug dealers and a new anti-drug ad campaign. Just say no.
U.S. State Department Appoints Fox News Anchor As Spokeswoman. Heather Nauert was most recently an anchor for Fox News’ morning news show “Fox and Friends,” and previously was a correspondent at ABC News.
Kentucky Clerk Asks Court To Force Governor To Let Her Deny Gay Marriages. LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept 7 (Reuters) - Lawyers for jailed Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis said on Monday they had asked an appellate
Donald Trump Repeats Call For NFL Boycott To Stop Anthem Protests. Under fire, the president characteristically digs in.
A Tale Of Two Americas: GOP Gushes While A Growing Majority Writes The Truer Chapter. Actually there are more than two Americas. There are many. Ask any person of color; ask immigrants of select ethnicities
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On June 28. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Pentagon Cancels Millions Of Aid To Pakistan Over Record On Militant Groups. The decision comes ahead of an expected visit to the country by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
Bill De Blasio Says What He Really Thinks About Andrew Cuomo.
Trump's Not King, But His Party Is Paying Him Tribute Anyway. The RNC and other Republican committees and candidates have spent nearly $2 million of their donors’ money so far at hotels and resorts that enrich Trump personally.
The Overlooked Trumpcare Threat: A Medicare Time Bomb. Trump's broken promises on Medicaid and Social Security are plain to see. But the GOP health care bill also sets up the destruction of Medicare.
Democrats Move To Abolish The Benghazi Committee. They'll try to do it by amending a GOP bill to investigate Planned Parenthood.
Education Department Tells States: If Students Don't Take Tests, You Will Lose Funding. "The volume of testing remains the same, which many parents and educators view as overkill."
Obama To Nominate Sally Yates To Be Deputy Attorney General.
Melania Trump Issues Pandemic Safety Advice That POTUS Says He’ll Likely Ignore. The first lady urged people to get serious about wearing masks amid the coronavirus outbreak. But Donald Trump says he likely won't.
Democrats Overwhelmingly Support Biden's Decision Not To Run. Most think highly of him, but aren't sure he had a path to victory.
George H.W. Bush: America’s Last Foreign Policy President. By James Goldgeier, American University School of International Service George H.W. Bush, who recently turned 93, was the
Congresswoman's Bill Would Out Colleges That Discriminate Against LGBT Students. Religious schools are trying to deny Title IX protections to people they think are going to hell.
Latest Polls Show Broad Opposition To GOP's Obamacare Replacement. Nearly half expect the new health care plan to decrease coverage and increase costs, one survey finds.
Stop Snitching, Rodney Frelinghuysen. It's Monday, and the FBI director is still fired.
Donald Trump Victory Breathes New Life Into Keystone XL Pipeline. Obama rejected the controversial oil pipeline last November after a rocky seven-year review.
Former AG Alberto Gonzales: James Comey Made A Mistake With Letter On Clinton Email Investigation. The FBI director has gotten a lot of heat for his decision.
Dick Cheney: Iran Deal Will Lead To First Use Of Nuclear Weapon Since Hiroshima And Nagasaki. "Nearly everything the president has told us about his Iranian agreement is false."
As Mueller Closes In, How Long Will Kelly Last?. It is impossible to believe that Trump will not escalate his campaign of vilification of Mueller and his associates.
Rashida Tlaib's Grandmother Says She's Proud Of The Lawmaker: 'Who Wouldn't Be?'. Muftiyah Tlaib reflected on the congresswomen's accomplishments in an interview with The Washington Post.
6 Ways U.S. Expats Can Stay Politically Active From Abroad. Hey, Americans abroad. Yes, fellow expats, I'm talking to you. Remember all that ruckus before the election about how the
John Boehner Demands More Answers In Deaths Of Michael Brown, Eric Garner.
Congress Is Close To A Deal That Could Flood Global Markets With American Oil. Republicans are trying to tie a measure ending the crude oil export embargo to a big year-end spending deal -- and Democrats are listening.
The Middle East, Unraveling: And Your Solution Is...?.
Trump Administration's Justification For A Census Question On Citizenship Appears Shaky. Census experts are skeptical of the reasons given for adding the question on the 2020 form.
Donald Trump Renominates Environmental Pick Democrats Called ‘Extreme’ And ‘Embarrassing’. “Kathleen Hartnett White has no place heading up the White House environmental office."
Democrats Shouldn't Panic Over One Poll Showing Donald Trump Ahead. Hillary Clinton still has a strong advantage in the Electoral College, but her supporters need to vote if she's going to win.
Uber Won't Change Screening Procedures, Add Panic Button After Kalamazoo Shooting. "No background check process would have flagged and anticipated this situation," Uber security chief Joe Sullivan said.
Illinois Legalizes Medical Marijuana For Children With Seizures.
Sen. Tammy Duckworth Slams Jeff Sessions' Disability Rights Record. She questioned his fitness to be attorney general on the eve of Senate confirmation hearings.
Biden Transition Team Won’t Commit To Asian American Cabinet Secretary. Not having an Asian American secretary nominee would be “unacceptable,” lawmakers said.
Rubio Looks For A Leg Up In Trump-Favored Nevada. A recent CNN/ORC poll put Trump ahead by 26 percentage points in Nevada at 45 percent, followed by Rubio, from Florida, at 19 percent and Cruz, from Texas, at 17 percent.
HUFFPOLLSTER: After Winning Big In New York, Donald Trump Still Faces Uncertainty. Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders’ loss means his chances are very slim.
Schism and Lack of Leadership in Washington Betrays the Inevitable Fall of our Great Nation. Could this latest stunt hint at leadership struggles within the GOP? It's an ironic possibility when you consider that the GOP takeover of both houses in January was supposed to herald an era of strong and responsible Republican leadership, not division.
Republicans Shift To National Security Ahead Of 2016.
CA Philanthropist Keeps BlackRock On Defensive With CEO Pay Shareholder Vote. Top executive pay has skyrocketed by 997 percent in 36 years.
Louise Slaughter Defeats Mark Assini In Unexpectedly Close New York Congressional Race.
Bernie Sanders Supporters Disrupt The Democratic Convention. “Hell no, DNC, we won’t vote for Hillary."
40 Takeaways From The 2016 New Hampshire Primary, Ranked. Confused media offer the best observations they can.
Republicans Go All In On Trump. They're even wearing the ugly hats.
How ‘Raise The Age’ Laws Might Reduce Recidivism. Several states that prosecute 16-year-old offenders as adults are reconsidering that approach. By Teresa Wiltz You have to
John Lewis Went Against Donald Trump When Few Democrats Would. The congressman said that Trump was not a "legitimate" president — even before he was sworn in.
Some People Are Still Complaining About Hillary Clinton's Voice. Everyone, stop doing this.
Donald Trump Met Russian Ambassador During The Campaign, Despite Repeated Denials. On April 27, Trump met Sergey Kislyak in Washington, D.C., before a big foreign policy speech.
Behind Trump's Botched And Delayed Coronavirus Response. Urgent warnings were ignored by a president consumed by his impeachment trial and intent on protecting a robust economy that he viewed as central to his reelection chances.
Why I'm A Liberal. Every election season we’re confronted with a friend, relative, or acquaintance who resolutely supports the other party. Perhaps
Interior Department Aims to Slice Section From Endangered Species Act. A new proposal appears to cut protections for threatened animals.
A Multinational Trojan Horse: The Trans-Pacific Partnership. You don't have to know much about the "trade" deal called the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) to be more than a little suspicious.
It Takes About 20 Celebrities To Explain Why 62 Million Girls Are Being Dumbed Down.
Sanders Says Clinton’s Platform Could Determine How Much He Would Campaign For Her. Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders said in an interview broadcast Friday that he would wait to see what
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: I Hope To See Bipartisanship In Congress 'When I'm Still Alive'. "I wish there were a way I could wave a magic wand and put it back when people were respectful of each other."
Trump The Apprentice. America’s quadrennial ordeal to pick a president is like a very long job interview. The political parties sort through the
Ex-RNC Chair Says 'Sanctimonious' GOP Needs To Find A 'Backbone' On Roy Moore. Republican Party judges people for "who they love" but won't reject a "pedophile," says Michael Steele.
Jeff Sessions Blames Bad Apples For Police Abuse. He Should Read These DOJ Reports.. "Pattern-or-practice" cases unveil systematic problems in agencies, not just the conduct of a few rogue cops.
Internal Aetna Email Suggest Its Obamacare Withdrawals Weren't Business As Usual. A federal judge concludes the company was trying to push through a controversial merger.
House Conservatives Signal Donald Trump Won't Have A Blank Check. Trump is about to find out how Washington works. Or doesn't work.
The Three Biggest Right-Wing Lies About Poverty. Rather than confront poverty by extending jobless benefits to the long-term unemployed, endorsing a higher minimum wage, or supporting jobs programs, conservative Republicans are taking a different tack. They're peddling three big lies about poverty.
Trump Orders Strikes On Syria In Retaliation For Chemical Attack. The strikes, led by the U.S., U.K. and France, targeted three facilities associated with Syria’s chemical weapons program.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump's Approval Rating Is Underwater In Key Counties. Views of the president are negative in some of the nation's most closely contested regions.
Fox News Pundit Pleads Guilty To Faking CIA Ties. He faces up to 40 years in prison.
Donald Trump Maintains Losing Streak In Court Over His Travel Ban. A federal appeals court refused to revive the president's executive order imposing travel restrictions on people from six Muslim-majority countries.
Employees Sue Chipotle, Claiming It Failed To Pay Them Overtime. At the center of the legal battle is an Obama-era rule that vastly expanded overtime pay to salaried workers.
Neighbors Cover Lawn Of School For Refugees With Warm Welcomes. Georgians respond to Trump’s immigration order.
Clinton Says Russians Hacked DNC, Calls Trump's Putin Remarks 'Troubling'. She said her rival's remarks raise national security questions.
New Yorkers' Tribute To Susan B. Anthony Says Everything About Why Voting Matters. Anthony would have been proud that a woman won the state's presidential primary.
Trump Doubles Down On Fact-Free Fraud Theory About Mail-In Voting. Trump on Sunday called mail-in voting a "Scam!" — even though he personally took advantage of such voting himself.
Trump Video Exposes Hypocrisy Of GOP Block On SCOTUS. The spot contrasts Republican insults of their nominee to praise for Supreme Court pick Merrick Garland.
With Supreme Court Appeal, Texas Wants To Keep Congressional Map Intact. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott wants to keep boundaries intact for the 2018 election.
Ted Nugent Has An Outrageous Message For The Media.
A Councilman Reverses His Anti-LGBT Bill After A Transgender Woman Shockingly Dares Him To Stone Her.
A Year Later.  What's Changed?. It is a parent’s worst nightmare to get that call that your child has been killed.  That’s what happened a year ago when
GOP's New Defense of Trump: The Guy's A Toddler, He Doesn't Know Any Better. From taking sides in the Qatar dispute to leaning on an FBI director to drop an investigation, Trump’s blunders should be excused, the argument goes.
Steve King: I Was Being 'Kind' By Referring To Obama's Guest As 'Deportable'.
Trump Topped 8,000 Falsehoods Or Distortions In 2 Years, Fact-Checker Says. More than 6,000 of those claims were made during 2018 alone.
Tuesday's Morning Email: What Kim Jong Un Is Really Saying With His 'Nuclear Button' Threat. And his offer for talks with South Korea.
Build Bridges Not Walls: Resisting Trump’s Anti-Immigrant Rhetoric. Last week President Donald Trump signed anti-immigrant executive orders. His orders included: the construction of a wall
Paul Ryan Calls Obamacare Repeal Plan An 'Act Of Mercy'. It's not.
Lou Dobbs Is Now A Hub For Pro-Trump Election Conspiracies. The Fox Business host has gone all in on baseless claims of voter fraud.
Friday Talking Points -- Obama Earning His Nobel. A few months back, he announced a major shift in U.S. policy towards Cuba, ending a half-century of frostiness, and this week the outlines of a deal to avoid a war with Iran were unveiled, thawing a relationship that froze over back in 1979.
Who Can Check Trump's Ratings-Inspired Warfare?. As Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wraps up his Moscow visit, and Trump tells the world which cake he was eating while launching
Cops Union Urges Harassment Of Pizza Shop After Owner Criticizes Police Tactics. Pi Pizzeria was targeted when owner Chris Sommers referred to some officers as "dimwits."
POLLS: Tight Race For Clinton And Sanders In California. This chart combines the latest opinion polls on the Democratic primary race in California
Dangerous Discourse: When Progressives Sound Like Demagogues. The Trump administration has already done enormous harm to the United States and the planet. Along the way, Trump has also
Black Lives Matter Elicits Mixed Opinions On Race Relations. A new poll shows that Americans aren't convinced the movement has had an impact on soothing racial tensions.
Pizza, Pad Thai And Pot: Home Delivery Of Marijuana Is Legal In These States. Supporters say allowing home delivery of marijuana will reduce drugged driving and help put illegal sellers out of the market, but opponents say it could make it easier for kids to buy drugs.
Voting For Kanye West Is 'Not Funny,' Warns Jennifer Aniston. "Please be responsible," actor pleads as she drops off her own ballot early in West Hollywood.
Republicans Turn Guns On Each Other In Wake Of Obamacare Repeal Fail. Rock, meet hard place.
Trump's Failures Place Focus Back On The Bigger Problem: Congress. Neither the GOP-led House nor the GOP-led Senate has developed legislation palatable to the American public.
Public Cynicism Enables Costly Political Hypocrisy. The political hypocrisy of crony capitalism –  touting market capitalism while making taxpayers fund corporate welfare – is
Ted Cruz's Revolting Power Play Explained.
Cruz Headed For A Win In Wisconsin, But Nomination Is Still A Tall Order. Meanwhile, the Trump campaign is scrambling to make up ground with women.
Despite Attacking Renewables, Trump Team Says It Loves All Energy Sources. "As long as it’s made in America, I’m good with it," Secretary Ryan Zinke said Friday.
This Is Why Hillary Clinton's Comments About Nancy Reagan Still Matter. Her remarks on the late first lady's legacy on HIV and AIDS can't be forgotten.
No, Jeb Bush Probably Isn't In Second Place In New Hampshire. If a poll result is "surprising," it's probably an outlier.
Wealthy Trump Donors Buy Access And Tax Breaks. In September Donald Trump threw himself a big party at New York City’s Le Cirque Restaurant with 150 of his richest friends
Democrats Call On FDA To End Ban On Blood Donations From Gay Men. Rejecting gay men who want to donate blood to those wounded in Orlando shows the "moral bankruptcy" of the ban.
Donald Trump Tries To Trick Americans Into Believing Crime Is Spiking. The GOP nominee is spelling out a massive role for the federal government in local policing.
Trump's Latest North Korea Threat Could Have 'Apocalyptic' Consequences, Experts Warn. If executed, it would strike a huge blow to the global economy.
Remains Of WWII Marine Headed Home After 72 Years On Pacific Atoll. First Lt. Alexander "Sandy" Bonnyman was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor in 1947.
Obama Wanted To Stop Endless Wars. He'll Leave Office Waging One..
Sarah Palin's War Hero Son-In-Law Slams Trump's Attacks On Khan Family. Dakota Meyer, who received the Medal of Honor for valor in Afghanistan, said Trump should apologize.
Trump’s Travel Ban Is On Hold, But What Does That Mean For Muslims Seeking Asylum In The US?. There is little reason for optimism, even in the short term.
Nothing Brings The GOP Together Quite Like Hillary Clinton. Republicans expect to be battered and fractured by the time they finally find a presidential nominee. But party operatives
Buoyed By Anti-Trump Activism, Democrat Wins Delaware Special Election. An army of volunteers, many from out of state, flooded the state Senate district for Stephanie Hansen.
Why Fox News And The Rest Of Trump's Loyalist Media Won't Be Able To Contain The Sprawling Russia Story. The rain has been pouring down on the White House all week, and Fox News can’t make it stop. In what has arguably been President
Bernie Sanders Beats Hillary Clinton In Oklahoma. It's a major reversal from 2008, when the state embraced Clinton.
The Election Of A So-Called Moderate President Of The Theocratic State Has Only Resulted To ‎An Increase In The Number Of Executions Carried Out Against Iranian. The recent news of Dr. Homa Hoodfar's hospitalization after being in solitary confinement in ‎prison has once again shaken our community's beliefs in international human rights and ‎justice.
Obama Officials Want America To Challenge Vladimir Putin. We Already Are.. Can we all agree that Vladimir Putin is no friend of the West? That much should be obvious after his encroachments into Ukraine
Violence Erupts In Portland Amid Alt-Right, Anti-Fascist Rallies. This city has been preparing for war for a week.
There's 'Ample Probable Cause To Charge Trump,' Says Ex-Cop Wounded In Insurrection. The rule of law should mean something, says former officer Michael Fanone, who was viciously attacked by Trump supporters at the Capitol.
Actually, Marco Rubio Is The One Pitting Americans Against Each Other. He criticized Obama's mosque visit as being divisive. But Rubio's rhetoric on Muslims is the real problem.
Look At These Politicians Who Don't Punch Reporters Who Put Recorders In Their Faces. How do they control themselves?
Trump Pushed For GOP To Change Ukraine Position, Now Claims He Didn’t. The pro-Russia change was the only party platform tweak the Trump camp cared about, sources say.
Undocumented Woman Arrested While Seeking Protective Order Faces 10 Years In Prison. Irvin González was fleeing her ex-boyfriend, who she says beat and strangled her, when she was detained by immigration agents.
Corporations Make Big Climate Promises Only To Retreat After A Few Years, Study Finds. Sustainable capitalism is basically an oxymoron.
U.S. Consults With World Powers Over Response To North Korea Sony Hack.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Slams Trump At Town Hall: 'There Are No Nice Nazis'. "We have a president who was equivocal," he says in Detroit.
Corey Lewandowski's Debut On CNN Is Going Just Awfully. It seems he's more interested in giving out Trump campaign talking points.
John Kelly Calls Aide Facing Abuse Allegations A 'Man Of True Integrity'. The White House chief of staff reportedly did not want Rob Porter to resign.
Police And Prison Guard Groups Fight Marijuana Legalization In California. Roughly half of the money raised to oppose a ballot measure to legalize recreational marijuana in California is coming from
Even As A Teenager, Obama Knew People Like Trump Were Foolish. "Respect came from what you did and not who your daddy was."
Here Is How Senate Republicans Try To Hide The Damage Of Their Repeal Bill. They push the worst parts into the future.
Trump’s New Plan To Uncover Voter Fraud Is Just As Alarming As His Old Plan. The investigation is being handed over to a government agency that can deport people.
Patricia Arquette: Trump Is ‘Dangerous’ And ‘I’m Very Happy To Support’ Clinton. "I think she'll be a wonderful president," Arquette said.
Kentucky Clerk Continues To Deny Same-Sex Couples Marriage Licenses. She has argued that issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples would go against her deeply held religious beliefs that marriage should only be between a man and a woman.
ICE To Limit Detention Of Pregnant, Nursing And Postpartum Immigrants. The new Biden administration policy could lead to the quick release of up to 13 women currently in Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody.
Poll Finds Little Opposition To Confirming Neil Gorsuch. Less than a quarter of the public says the Senate should vote against the Supreme Court nominee.
Equifax Wins In Latest Version Of Senate Bank Bill. The legislation would give credit monitoring companies an edge in the mortgage business.
U.S. Can’t Force-Feed Hunger-Striking Immigrant Detainee Yet, Judge Says. Alaa Ismail Yasin stopped eating on April 17, arguing he qualifies for release from a Georgia detention center.
Trump's Anti-Government. Donald Trump’s cabinet choices form an anti-government of sorts.  A climate change skeptic as head of the EPA who’s involved
Millionaire Treasury Secretary, Socialite Wife Pose With Sheets Of Cash. But it was singles -- so, you know, ordinary people can relate to that.
Biden Improves 'Significantly,' Throat Still Sore From COVID. President Joe Biden's physician, Dr. Kevin O'Connor, says Biden continues to “improve significantly” despite a lingering sore throat.
Net Neutrality Rules Will End In June, FCC Says. The U.S. Senate plans to vote next week on whether to reject the FCC's repeal of the Obama-era rules.
Supreme Court Honors Justice Scalia With Long-Standing Tradition. The ritual is over 140 years old.
Ted Cruz Gets Booed Over Gay Marriage Comments On 'The Late Show'. "Guys, however you feel, he's my guest, so please don't boo him," Colbert said.
Kids In Texas Are More Likely To Get Tasered At School Than In Jail. Why do schools treat students like criminals?
Senate Republicans Just Blocked A Bunch Of Gun Control Measures. Even one that would have stopped suspected terrorists from purchasing a gun.
How Birth Year Legacies Can Better Our Country. These legacies can take the form of significant self-renewing, nonprofit, civic institutions either at the national or regional level. No hidden agendas, no obscure profit motives, no self-aggrandizement; just extending the torch of wisdom, foresight, and imagining brighter futures
Here's Why Joe Biden Thinks Donald Trump And Ted Cruz Are Good For America. At least to the extent that they're forcing Americans to confront ugly truths.
Exclusive: New Photos Show Bush’s Response To 9/11 Attacks. On the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, the presidency of George W. Bush changed instantly. In a new collection of never-before
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On March 8. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Progressives Enjoy Wealth Of Good Options In Race To Succeed Key Chicago Congressman. But there are suspicions that retiring Rep. Luis Gutiérrez tried to tilt the contest.
NYPD Commissioner To Privacy Advocates: 'Get A Life'.
Trump's Dangerous Move Towards Protectionism. The middle class that bolstered his campaign can expect a very unpleasant surprise.
Hillary Clinton Goes After Scott Walker On Education Cuts. Walker's latest budget proposal included a $300 million cut to Wisconsin's university system.
Not Every Pennsylvania Democrat Benefited From Redistricting. Here's a rundown of the winners and losers.
Pelosi: Trump Told Russia About Baghdadi Raid Before Congressional Leaders. The House speaker demanded that the White House brief lawmakers on the operation, which led to the death of the ISIS leader.
Hillary Clinton Told Donors Bernie Sanders' 'Ideas Are Indefensible' Under GOP Onslaught. Proposing middle-class tax hikes made his general election chances "really, really, really low," she argued.
Republicans Rail Against Joe Biden's 'Radioactive' Cabinet Pick. Former Clinton and Obama adviser Neera Tanden, the likely nominee for director of the Office of Management and Budget, is drawing opposition on Capitol Hill.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On July 29. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Senate Democrats Really Like Calling Joe Biden ‘Mr. President’. He has four years to think it over.
Twitter Users Shred Tomi Lahren Over 'Disrespectful' Colin Kaepernick D-Day Image. "This does not qualify as an actual thought."
New Jersey Baby Born With Zika-Linked Birth Defects May Be First In Continental U.S.. "You could see the pain in her heart," the hospital's chief OBGYN said of the mom after her baby was born.
U.S. Distaste For Turkish Leader Erdogan May Have Reached 'Tipping Point'. “If Erdogan is investing in the Trump administration, I can say that he will be disappointed," Turkish opposition leader Hişyar Özsoy said.
Obama Could Help Victims Of Rape Around The World With One Simple Move. What is he waiting for?
The Heroin And Opioid Crisis Is Gridlocked By Discussion. Talking about this epidemic is not saving lives.
Trump Signs Larry Nassar-Inspired Sexual Assault Bill Behind Closed Doors. The president quietly signed the bill the week after two White House staffers resigned amid allegations of domestic violence.
Elizabeth Warren To Endorse Hillary Clinton. Elizabeth Warren is expected to endorse to presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Thursday, according
Martin O'Malley Doesn't Want Democrats To Hide On Financial Regulation.
Iowa Swung Fiercely To Trump. Will It Swing Back In 2020?. Caucus turnout will show what kind of candidate Iowa’s Democratic voters believe has the best chance against Trump.
Join HuffPost As We Break Down The Democratic Debate Tuesday Night. Join us here at 7:30.
Dear Children Of America: We Apologize For Donald Trump. We let you down. Bigly.
Here Is What We Know About John King, The Next Secretary Of Education. For one thing, he's a big fan of the Common Core.
Trump Terrible 10 -- Made In China Edition. Counting down the week’s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration Republic Report, which focuses on how money
Kris Kobach Tells A Misleading Tale About Why He Was Held In Contempt. The Kansas secretary of state claimed the contempt finding by a federal judge was "ridiculous."
Twitter Users Troll Donald Trump's Lawyer Over Comical Font Choice. "Wanted to avoid using Failing Times New Roman..."
Uncovered California: Community College Students’ Quest For Mental Health Services. At many of California’s community colleges mental health services are virtually nonexistent.
Jared Kushner Helped Push Steve Bannon Out Of The NSC. Reports of tension between the president's two closest advisers are the latest intrigue to beset the Trump White House.
In A Single Act, Donald Trump Destroyed The FBI For Good. James Comey is the first fallen warrior in a Civil Cold War that just entered its open combat phase.
Obama To Meet With Families Of San Bernardino Shooting Victims. The massacre there was just weeks ago.
What Did We Learn From the Economic Crisis?. Instead of measuring "progress" by increasing Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and all of the challenges that go with this strategy, why not financially reward those who increase our quality of life?
Donald Trump's Washington Hotel Is About To Violate Its Government Lease. Another conflict of interest for the president-elect.
Tim Kaine: Democrats Will Nuke Filibuster For Supreme Court Nominees If GOP Won't Cooperate. Senate Republicans are already indicating they'll block any potential nominee put forward by Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump Isn't Losing The Debate Expectations Game As Badly As He Might Wish. Voters expect Hillary Clinton to prevail, but not by an overwhelming margin.
Monday's Morning Email: The Fallout Of Trump's Immigration Ban. Protests abound.
Half Of American Voters Believe The Women Accusing Trump Of Sexual Misconduct. Nearly 4 in 10 Trump voters even said the allegations are credible in a new poll.
John McCain Now Wishes He'd Never Selected Sarah Palin As His 2008 Running Mate. The Arizona senator says he ignored his gut on that one.
Liz Cheney Announces She's Running For Congress In Wyoming... From Virginia. The daughter of the former vice president started her campaign off with a gaffe.
Saving Our Republic From Citizens United. Today, in the face of limitless anonymous political donations and dramatically widening inequality, our government is slowly starting to look more like an oligarchy, governed according to the whims of a special few. Thankfully, there are straightforward steps Congress can take right now to reverse this deeply troubling trend.
Be All You Can Be*. The president discovers a sure cure for economic anxiety
Don't Let Nikki Haley Fool You. She had her moment this week, but that doesn't excuse the role she plays in the Trump White House.
Michelle Fields Wants Corey Lewandowski to Apologize to Her. The ex-Breitbart journalist who was grabbed, and bruised, by Trump’s campaign manager is adamant she wants him to say sorry
Sarah Palin Is Running For Congress In Alaska. A decade after her failed vice presidential bid, the former Alaska governor is running to replace conservative GOP Rep. Don Young, who died last week.
Joe Biden's Too-Long Goodbye. If Biden didn't have the heart to run, why did he wait so long to make his decision?
Democrat Asks Judge To Block Trump Voter Fraud Probe From Deleting Or Moving Records. He's already suing the panel for access to documents from a commission on which he served.
Clinton Had A Great Week, But She Shouldn't Get Overconfident. She's been way ahead before -- and seen her lead evaporate.
Obama: I'll Use Clemency Power 'More Aggressively'.
A De Facto Death Sentence For An Iowa Father. Clarence Allen Rice died of cancer, in prison instead of at home with his family, because the system didn’t work.
Photographer, Now Facing Felonies, Had Asked News Site For Inauguration Work. "Got any assignments you want to throw at me?” Alexei Wood asked in one email to an editor before Jan. 20.
Monica Lewinsky Wins The Internet With Best 'I Have A Joke' Tweet. The former White House intern took the crown for the "I have a joke" Twitter meme.
Democratic Party Not As Divided As In The Past. Whenever a major political party fails to hold the White House, the political pundocracy bemoans that the party is freezing
Paul Ryan Pretends Donald Trump Doesn't Exist. The House speaker was booed Saturday for distancing himself from the GOP nominee.
Kris Kobach Posted Partial Social Security Numbers Of Thousands Of Kansas Officials Online. State law required Kobach's office to disclose forms with the information. But he went a step further and put them on the internet.
Loving Every Minute Trump Sweats The GOP. Trump is everything the GOP establishment feared he would be. That is their worst nightmare. He has wrecked every chance
Paul LePage Says He's Considering Resigning. Republican lawmakers have become fed up with his controversial comments.
Jeb! Comeback Watch: Barbara Bush Is All In!. After giving it a lot of thought, Jeb's mommy has endorsed her second-born.
Lasting Relations, New Hopes. It was a celebration: the China Hands 2014 Fall Issue launch event. Writers, editors, designers and business team members crowded into the Trumbull Room of Yale University's Branford College. China Hands had organized a launch event each semester since the organization's inception two years, four issues, ago. It was a tradition.
The Worst Trade Deal You've Never Heard Of. The Trans-Pacific Partnership, now headed to Congress, is a product of big corporations and Wall Street, seeking to circumvent regulations protecting workers, consumers, and the environment.
Steph Curry, Chance The Rapper Join Barack Obama In Inspiring PSA. 🙌  🙌  🙌
Veterans’ Wait After Trump Fundraiser Shows Hurdles for Campaign. GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s spontaneous approach is running roughshod over political convention, and an
Trump's Riyadh Visit Whitewashes Saudi Terrorism. President Trump will make America complicit in Saudi Arabia’s spread of jihadi terrorism.
Georgia's Anti-Gay 'Religious Liberty' Bill Could Tank Atlanta's Super Bowl Bid. NFL signals it's no fan of discriminatory laws when it picks game sites.
Brian Sandoval Takes Himself Out Of The Running For Supreme Court Spot. Senate Republicans had already said they wouldn't confirm the moderate GOP governor.
Rep. Cummings Rips Pharma Company For Price Gouging On Heroin Overdose Drug. The price of heroin's overdose antidote has increased dramatically in the last two years.
Trump Reportedly Asked James Comey To Stop Michael Flynn Investigation. “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go," the president reportedly told the FBI director in February.
Tulsi Gabbard's Syria Views Cost Her Support Of Hawaii Teachers Union. The state's fourth-largest union had backed the Democratic congresswoman two years ago.
Only One Juror Stands Between Michael Slager And A Conviction For Walter Scott’s Death. "I cannot and will not change my mind," the juror said.
Prepare To Have Your Inbox Carpet Bombed.
Are House Democrats Actually Making Leadership Changes Or Nah?. The post-election reforms look more substantial than they really are.
Hundreds Rally To Defend Science In Boston Protest. And they rocked some seriously nerdy protest signs.
Mike Pence Refuses To Rule Out Torture In A Trump Administration. “We’re going to have a president again who will never say what we’ll never do,” Pence said.
Establishment-Backed Democrat Leaves Congressional Race Under Threat Of Ballot Challenge. Christina Hartman previously ran in an adjacent district.
Here’s What Happened Last Time Moscow Kicked Out Hundreds Of U.S. Diplomatic Staff. During the Cold War, U.S. foreign service officers cleaned embassy bathrooms and unloaded trucks.
It Turns Out Legal Weed In Colorado Hasn't Led To Kids Abusing The Drug. New data actually shows a slight dip in use among teens.
Congress Is Finally Overhauling A Decades-Old Chemical Safety Law. Should we be excited for changes to a law everyone says is broken?
Elizabeth Warren To Campaign For Jeff Merkley In Oregon.
Obama To Cancel Debts Owed By Defrauded For-Profit College Students. The Education Department will cancel over $27.8 million of federal student loans owed by more than 1,300 former students at Heald College.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump To Suffer Through Presidential Holiday About Someone Else. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Trump
Hillary Clinton Just Proved Michele Bachmann's Point. Because of her clothing, she gets a bad headline.
UK Citizen Sues Hawaii Police For Allegedly Depriving His Gun Rights. Hawaii has some of the strongest laws in the nation.
How Mitt Romney Tops Sarah Palin.
Cuban Dissidents: Allies of US Policy or a Hindrance?. Beginning with Brigade 2506 until today, Cubans on the island have regarded Cuban political exiles as a function of North American policy dealing with the revolution. In that regard, December 17, 2014 showed that it wasn't the tail wagging the dog, but ultimately the dog doing the deciding.
Some Democrats Worry A Vicious Fight Over Supreme Court Seat Could Further Damage The Senate. “It is, of course, only human to want some revenge."
Hillary Rodham Clinton Makes It Official: She Is Running. Over the next months, they will hear her platform and policy initiatives and realize that she is the right person to be president. Hillary will run a campaign that will reach out across party lines in the same way she did when she was in the Senate.
Feds Lay Out ‘Pathway’ To Native Hawaiian Self-Governance. Some call it a historic step, others say it's not enough.
Democrats Lack A Bold National Climate Change Plan In The Trump Era, And It Shows. The party's rebuttal this week to the president's State of the Union address ignored what should be a progressive core issue for the party.
Trump Debate Flap Throws Republican Party Into Deeper Chaos. Trump's candidacy threatens to scramble the Republican coalition built since the presidency of Ronald Reagan.
U.S. Lawmakers Join Demand For Puerto Rico Governor’s Resignation. Puerto Ricans staged week-long protests calling on Ricardo Rossello to quit over leaked misogynistic and homophobic messages.
All Eyes Are On A Small Group Of Democratic Senators For The Keystone Vote.
NATO's Leaders Need a Reality Check on Afghanistan. By continuing with a timetable that is externally driven, regardless of internal conditions, and with an economic squeeze from aid cuts looming, NATO is sending the wrong signals to the Afghan people and to the Taliban, and imperiling security.
Donald Trump To Declare National Emergency On Opioid Crisis. “The opioid crisis is an emergency and I’m saying officially right now it is an emergency. It’s a national emergency."
Tillerson: Diplomacy With North Korea Will Continue 'Until The First Bomb Drops'. The Secretary of State says President Trump is "not seeking to go to war."
Despite Same-Sex Marriage Ruling, Gay Adoption Rights Uncertain In Some States. “A person’s lifestyle shouldn’t matter if they can provide love and compassion.”
Gun Advocates Surprisingly Restrained In Initial Response To Congressional Shooting. Could the president's low approval ratings be driving a more cautious response?
Donald Trump Responds To Supreme Court's Travel Ban Announcement. The high court reinstated most of the ban while it waits to hear the case in October.
Donald Trump Pledges U.S. Support For U.K. After London Attack. He said the U.S. would help bring those responsible to justice.
House Health Care Repeal Is Already Dead In The Senate. Senate GOP leaders will try to write their own bill, but aren't even sure they can.
U.S. To Evacuate Diplomatic Staff From Cuba Following Mystery Ailments. It's still unclear whether embassy personnel are being targeted for injury.
Elizabeth Warren Bill Would Mandate Companies Disclose Climate Risks. “Climate change is a real and present danger," the Massachusetts lawmaker said.
Paul Ryan Says There Will Be No Immigration Reform Under Obama. The newly elected speaker says the president can't be trusted.
Judge Who Sentenced Brock Turner To Face Recall In June. Judge Aaron Persky sentenced Turner to six months in jail for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
Intelligence Chief Puts New Spin On Claims Of Slanted ISIS Reports. Where does the responsibility for faulty intelligence lie?
Democrats Are Preparing A Bill To Completely Wean The U.S. Off Fossil Fuels By 2050. Bernie Sanders has already co-sponsored the legislation.
South Koreans Seemingly Unconcerned As Trump Threatens North Korea. HuffPost Reporter Nick Visser on Seoul's apparent calm as Trump gets into war of words with Pyongyang.
Nancy Pelosi: Republicans Are 'Not Going To Repeal' Obamacare. She predicted they'll find out it's just too complicated.
Tim Kaine Just Sparked An Amazing Series Of Dad Jokes On Twitter. A meme is born.
Trump's New CIA Director Helped Oversee Controversial Torture Program. Gina Haspel was reportedly involved in the waterboarding of at least one terror suspect.
Twitter Users Gleefully Troll Steve Bannon Over Breitbart Exit. "You know Steve Bannon's going away card is all-white & [blank inside] like he is."
Oregon Standoff Officially Ends After Lone Holdout David Fry Surrenders. Fry ordered FBI agents to scream "Hallelujah" before he gave himself up.
A Cop Was Punished Over Politics, And His Political Bosses May Get Away With It. That is, if the Supreme Court allows it.
SANDRA BLAND DIED ONE  YEAR AGO TODAY. Over the past year, there have been so many stories of violence and injustice in America, and even the most well-known deserve
We Owe Minimum Wage Workers Our Votes. Our low minimum wage is a massive wealth transfer that goes in the wrong direction.
Is The Obama Administration Backing Away From Standardized Testing?.
Who's Right: Obama/Kerry/UN/World Or GOP/Bibi?. Corn and Cooke debate how to keep Iran from weaponizing its nuclear energy. Obama's tour de force presser argues 'jaw-jaw not war-war'. Critics say that simplifies the issue. But wasn't lifting sanctions for no-nukes the plan? Then: was Scott Walker ready for his close-up? Hillary for her Eco orals?
Joe Biden Announces 300 Million Coronavirus Vaccines Have Been Administered. "We’re heading into a very different summer from last year," the president said. "A bright summer."
63 Texas Republicans Sign Court Brief Saying Marriage Equality Could Lead To Legal Incest, Pedophilia.
Military Veterans Earn The Most In These States. Wait... Alaska?!
Friday's Morning Email: Top Democrats Say 2016 Nomination Rigged For Clinton. After Donna Brazile's revelations about the DNC.
Jeff Flake's Challenge. I like Jeff Flake a lot. He’s the Republican senator from Arizona who just published “Conscience of a Conservative,” a slashing
Trump's Evangelical Advisors Are Hoping For A Private Meeting With Pope. After the pope's friends published a blistering critique of conservative evangelicals, some leaders are hoping to talk it out.
#RichPeopleNeedTaxCuts: The Republican Tax Plan. It’s hard to see the rationale here.
Even Lawyers And Cops Knew About Roy Moore’s Behavior. Why Didn’t They Do Anything?. Everyone knew about Moore's alleged predilection for young girls. Nobody could stop it.
A Plea To The Fraternal Order Of Police: Take Back Your Trump Endorsement. Trump has boasted of committing crimes against women with impunity. That's not something the police should endorse.
Donald Trump Claims He Doesn't Read The Huffington Post. This Proves Otherwise.. Fact check!
Playing the Trump Card. As is often the case when engaging in a game of cards, when one runs out of the relevant suit, it's time to shake things up by playing the trump card. Of course, card playing is a game, and animosity positioning itself as policy is not.
The GOP's Obamacare 'Repeal-And-Delay' Plan Is A Slow Motion Disaster. You can't just leave 22 million people and the entire health care industry hanging for three years.
Sanders Struggles To Widen Appeal As South Carolina Primary Looms. The rush of March contests in big, diverse states could leave Sanders grasping for political life.
Walker In Hot Water Over Obama Comments.
Shockingly Few Students Are Proficient In U.S. History.
Trump Will Add Cuba To List Of Obama Achievements He’s Taking Apart. A Miami speech is set for Friday to announce changes to the relaxation of tourism and trade rules.
Pro-Trump Group Reveals Poll-Monitoring Plans. Stop the Steal is conducting unscientific exit polls it says will determine whether the election is fair.
"New Hampshire": The Making Of A President In The Granite State. In a new documentary series, HuffPost goes deep inside the nation's first presidential primary contest.
Both Bush Presidents Say America Must 'Always Reject Racial Bigotry'. They said America must stand up to "hatred in all forms."
Trayvon Martin's Mother Explains Why She's Voting For Hillary Clinton. "We simply can't afford to elect a Republican who refuses even to acknowledge the problem of senseless gun violence."
No White House Progress On Day 3 Of Government Shutdown. “Nothing new. Nothing new on the shutdown. Nothing new. Except we need border security,” Trump told reporters at the White House
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Inspires Rush To The Dictionary For 'Faute De Mieux'. The Supreme Court justice used the French phrase to support the court's Texas abortion ruling.
Donald Trump Accuses Chuck Schumer Of Shedding 'Fake Tears' Over Refugees. “I don’t see him as a crier,” the president said.
‘Sanctuary Cities’ Are Working In The Trump Era, But At A Surprising Cost. Federal immigration officials say that in sanctuary cities, they have little choice but to carry out enforcement activities in neighborhoods and other community locations, even though it is not an efficient use of their time or resources.
If You Don't Already Hate Washington, You Will After Watching This Clip.
Raise Your (Ice Cream) Glasses To Birthday Boy Joe Biden. Will there ever be another vice president with so much swag?
Donald Trump Picks Up 9 Delegates In Northern Mariana Islands. Citizens of the U.S. territory cannot vote in the general election in November.
Trump Now Insists Biden Must 'Prove' He Won 80 Million Votes To Enter The White House. He claimed President-elect Joe Biden has a "big unsolvable problem" to demonstrate  that votes certified by states are legitimate.
Women Supporting Trump Speak Out. In March, days after Mitt Romney excoriated Donald Trump as a danger to the republic, his niece said she would support the
Mike Pence Opposed Paid Leave Proposals While In Congress. Now his running mate, Donald Trump, is trying to sell one.
How Newt Gingrich Is Bringing John McCain's Campaign And Super PAC Together. Just another tale of super PACs and candidates helping each other.
Hillary Clinton's Campaign 'Puzzled And Outraged' By FBI Director's Shake-Up Of Election. Her spokesman says James Comey’s “unbelievably vague” letter to lawmakers was a gift to Republicans.
Ignoring Real Heroes? Terrorism, Ferguson, Ebola. Last year was not a kind year. Deadly serious issues confronted the nation. It did not go well. Several arenas epitomized these issues more than most.
FCC Chair Ajit Pai Jokes In Video About Being A 'Verizon Puppet'. Pai stars in a skit saying he was "brainwash[ed] and groom[ed]" to be FCC chairman.
Trump Is Exhausting, So Treat Yo’ Self. Feeling overwhelmed, scared, despondent, disappointed, hurt, terrified or generally sad about the current state of affairs
Making An America Worthy Of The Dreamers' Dreams. Being "great" means honoring our national promises.
Donald Trump’s Phantom Florida Ground Game. It’s a state he must win if he wants to be president, but his turnout operation there is far behind.
Have Obama’s Education Policies Weakened The Democratic Party?. “I wanted kids who could be critical thinkers. They just want kids who can work at Walmart and the other big corporations that give them money.”
Friday's Morning Email: Trump Picks National Security Adviser And Attorney General. John Bolton and Mitt Romney are being considered for secretary of state.
Former Pennsylvania Governor Wears Bag On Head After Eagles Lose. Ed Rendell was not happy about Sunday's game.
Thursday's Morning Email: Inside the Trump-Bannon Schism. "He lost his mind."
Friday Talking Points -- Trump Dumps Top Cop. It's been another whirlwind of a week in politics, so let's run through it as quickly as possible.
Despite Differences, GOP Presidential Candidates Plan To Attend Pope's Events. Candidates are at odds with the Pope on several issues.
Obamacare Repeal Vote Postponed. Paul Ryan and Donald Trump, aka "the closer," have lost this battle.
After Coming Forward About Her Rape, Jackie Fox 'Woke Up In A Parallel Universe'. On the day the story of my rape came out, I had to drop my cat Cleo off at “summer camp”—my euphemism for the week she’d
Boehner's and Bibi's Blunders 'Liberate' U.S. Foreign Policy from NeoCons. Now, thanks to Speaker Boehner, the Republicans have no credibility or standing on national security. None, zero, zorch, nada.  The next time you hear a Republican bleating about national security, you can have a good laugh.
Democrat: Latinos Are Frustrated With Obama, But 'Pissed' At GOP.
Jake Tapper Mocks Trump's Lame Name For James Comey. "Lyin' Comey?" Trump has lied 2,436 times, says CNN host.
White House: We 'Didn't Threaten' Families Of Slain U.S. Journalists With Prosecution.
Stormy Daniels' Mom Hopes Daughter's Lawsuit Doesn't Hurt Donald Trump. "If Mr. Trump runs four more times, I would vote for him every time," the porn star's mother said.
Donald Trump's Plan To Deport Undocumented Immigrants 'To Be Determined': Aide. Trump’s newly appointed campaign manager was pressed on whether his plans would include a “deportation force.”
Election Could Tip Historic Number Of Legislatures Into Republican Hands.
Cruz Won't Bite On Trump's Birther Bait. As Donald Trump once again raises questions about Ted Cruz’s Canadian birth and his eligibility to run for president, Cruz
News Roundup for September 6, 2017. The news is here to stay. 1. An appeals court in Texas is allowing a controversial voter ID law to be enforced in November
A Pathway to Nowhere: Why Paul Ryan's Plan Will Not Reduce Poverty Now or Ever. The biggest problem with Ryan's plan, besides its potential to become a bureaucratic nightmare, is that it was tried once before under President Bill Clinton in 1996 with welfare reform and was met with mixed results.
Wyoming Town Hall Replaces Donald Trump Portrait With Photo Of Native American Chief. "We aren’t required to display signs of respect -- our respect is earned, not demanded," the mayor said.
A Stupid Proposal For GOP To Save Face On Health Care Reform. This would be highly amusing if it wasn't a life-or-death subject for millions.
Alex Jones Is Now Trying To Convince You He's Not Really A Conspiracy Theorist. In an attempt to win a child custody case, Jones' lawyer is insisting it's all an act.
Why The Rise Of Leftism Populism Spells Danger In 2020. At its core, populism is defined as a political form of action that pits a disenchanted portion of the population against
Trump Says Ukraine Call Was 'Perfect,' And GOP Can't Decide How To Defend Him. Republicans have a disjointed defense of Trump as impeachment hearings are set to go public.
U.S. To Train Ukraine Military Following Russian Agression. The new level of support is a significant increase in the assistance for Ukraine to bolster security against possible Russian aggression.
Paul Ryan Reverses Course, Accepts House Chaplain Rescinding Resignation. "I know that this body is not well served by a protracted fight over such an important post,” the House speaker said.
Bill Clinton Makes Fun Of Bernie Sanders Supporters. He joked they think they can fix the country by "shooting every third person on Wall Street."
These Are The Dumbest, Most Useless Things Twitter Users Bought (Other Than Juicero). There are a lot of bad decisions in here.
How About All Those People Who Aren't Celebrating Today?. I’ve let you down, my friends. Part of my job centers on identifying what’s going on in the culture, and then running that
Jeb Bush Officially Announces He's Running For President In 2016.
Jared Polis Wins Midterm Election In Colorado.
Sunday Roundup. DAVOS, SWITZERLAND -- This week, while candidates "squirmished" in advance of Iowa, more than 2,000 global leaders gathered here for the World Economic Forum. The theme was The Fourth Industrial Revolution -- the coming era of automation and smart technology -- and what business can do to help meet the big challenges ahead of us. The dominant refrain was the need for business leaders to put purpose at the center of the definition of business itself. It's a shift, already underway, with the power to not only improve the world but also boost the bottom line. As Unilever CEO Paul Polman put it, "investing in the common good, investing in the long term, is a better investment than just your short-term self-interest." What came through loud and clear this year was a growing realization that companies that chase short-term profits at the expense of social responsibility won't last very long. It's not just a better and more enlightened way forward; it's the only way forward.
Las Vegas Casino Workers Recognize Stephen Paddock: 'I Wish I Had Never Seen His Face'. LAS VEGAS — The name sounded familiar, but when a worker at the Tropicana Casino and Resort saw the first public photo of
14 Dead, Hundreds Injured After Earthquake Hits Eastern Turkey. The earthquake struck Elazig in the eastern part of the country with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8.
Hey America, Stop Being So Islamophobic. Islamophobia is real. And it's not going anywhere.
Obama Reveals That He's A 'Guac Fanatic' Ahead Of Super Bowl.
A Tale of Two Katrinas. When I teach a course on the history of New Orleans at I often tell my students that there were two Katrinas. The first Katrina was the result of a low-pressure system that formed off the Bahamas on August 21st, 2005. The second was a man-made disaster.
News Roundup for June 5, 2017. It’s going to be an interesting week…. 1. Arrests were made in Portland at pro and anti-Trump protests. It’s a weird world
There's Almost No Evidence That Merrick Garland Will Take Away Your Guns. A congressional report on the Supreme Court nominee should relieve fears that he's a nemesis of the Second Amendment.
Why Is Hillary Clinton Suddenly Tied In The Polls With A Widely Reviled Demagogue?. Donald Trump is an electoral disaster — the most unpopular major-party nominee in the history of polling. The most hated
New Jersey Will End Government Shutdown That Closed Beaches. Lawmakers said a new budget was a "win for everyone."
Oklahoma Supreme Court Tosses Abortion Law On Hospital Admitting Privileges. The Supreme Court already struck down a similar law in Texas.
The Worst Idea To Save Social Security Got 2 Thumbs Down In The Final Debate. America's leaders once urged austerity, but Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump didn't.
TikTok Comedian Sarah Cooper Spills Secrets On Lip-Synching Trump In Jimmy Fallon Interview. "He's just kind of BSing his way through the presidency," Cooper said.
UK Watchdog Orders Cambridge Analytica To Surrender All Info On US Voter. The action could pave way for millions of Facebook users to go after the Trump-linked firm.
Trump Trashes Free Press And U.S. Intelligence In Poland. His praise of their increasingly authoritarian president was a shocking display of cluelessness.
Friday's Morning Email: What Cuts You Should Know About In Trump's Proposed Budget. And what Rex Tillerson said about North Korea.
The Longer Trump Waits To Release New Travel Ban, The Less It May Fly In The Courts. Not releasing a new executive order undercuts the president's claim that he wants to protect national security, lawyers say.
David Brooks And A Figment Of The Neoconservative Imagination. Donald Trump inhabits a universe constructed of carefully arranged alt-facts. Much the same can be said of the 'New York Times' columnist.
DNC Chair: 'Sorry Not Sorry' For Saying Republicans 'Don't Give A S**t About People'. Perez also drew fire for saying Donald Trump "didn't win this election."
'President-Elect Trump' Is An Unfolding Nightmare. But Obama Still Has The Power To End It.. We have to treat Trump like he knows exactly what he is doing.
The Fight You Were Waiting For: Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz Clash In GOP Debate. No immediate knockdowns, but some of the digs may come back to haunt them.
White House Fence Climber. White House Fence Climber
Trump Lawyer Says Fired Cybersecurity Chief Should Be 'Shot' For Defending Election. Joseph diGenova attacked Chris Krebs, who was fired by the president after declaring the election was secure.
MSNBC Hosts Crack Up Over Error Found On First Page Of Trump Lawsuit. Trump is suing his niece Mary Trump, The New York Times and three of its reporters.
Scott Walker Is 2016's Mitt Romney. Enter Scott Walker's politics of fear. For the party that rhetorically champions self-reliance, the emphasis on creating fear and despair in the electorate is ironic, but effective. Why blame yourself for economic insecurity when you can blame a faceless immigrant plotting to take away your job?
Salvadoran Immigrant Dies In ICE Custody As Detainee Deaths Rise. This fiscal year's deaths of ICE detainees are the most since 2011.
Disturbing New Footage Shows Minneapolis Cops Saying They're 'Hunting Activists'. The newly released clips reveal officers making racist remarks and celebrating as they shoot rubber bullets at protesters.
Pete Buttigieg Drops Out Of DNC Chair Race. He did not endorse another candidate.
We Can Be Better Americans Than Our Incoming President. So now we stand with our families, our children, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free, and the question becomes: WHAT DO WE DO ABOUT IT?
Donald Trump Keeps Saying Things That Would Destroy Any Other Presidential Candidate. There were six such moments during the Commander-in-Chief forum.
Sad Trump Cake Inspires The Best Memes Of The Election. The icing on the campaign.
Frightening Hallowe'en Nightmares, For Left and Right. Welcome to our annual frightfest! Each year we crank up the special effects soundtrack and present our very own scary stories for both sides of the political aisle. This year's presidential campaign is frightening enough, no matter where you sit on the political spectrum.
Donald Trump's Supporters Couldn't Care Less What Mitt Romney Thinks. Unsurprisingly, there's not much overlap between Romney fans and Trump fans.
Air Force General Becomes First Woman To Lead Combatant Command. The position is one of the most senior in the U.S. military.
Hawaii Becomes First State To Sue Over New Muslim Travel Ban. A hearing is set for March 15, a day before the new ban is to go into effect.
Latino Voters Crucial To Passing Environmental Laws: Report.
Dems Call GOP Effort To Protect Exxon An 'Embarrassment'. Congressional Republicans said Wednesday they have the authority to stop state-led investigations into ExxonMobil for climate fraud.
Ernst: I Was Sexually Harassed In The Military.
Sledding Has Returned To Capitol Hill. A spending bill passed last year also lifted a sledding ban on the hill.
Democratic Consultants Are Salivating Over GOP Votes For Tax Plan. The TV spots write themselves.
Steve Bannon Hosts Podcast As 'Bannon Indicted' News Appears On TV Behind Him. Things got real meta for Donald Trump's former White House strategist after his indictment on Friday.
Perverse U.S. Drug Policies Promote Drug Addiction and Deaths. The last 40 years prove conclusively that interdiction can't possibly win the war against the cartels. Illegal drugs are more available, stronger, and cheaper than ever. We have encouraged lawlessness and civil strife in every drug-producing nation.
Trump: Reporter Assaulted By Top Aide 'Made The Story Up'. CNN debate moderators didn't raise the issue, so Trump went on offense.
Justin Timberlake Broke The Law With His Ballot Selfie (UPDATE). He just wanted to get out the vote.
Fixing Our Food System Shouldn't Be A Partisan Issue. Addressing some of our nation's most pressing food issues isn't about establishing a nanny state.
Obama's U.N. End Run Around Congress on Iran. The 47 Senate Republicans who warned Iranians against any nuclear agreement with Barack Obama that a Republican successor could revoke "with the stroke of a pen" billed their audacious letter to the clerical regime in Tehran as a civics lesson in the American constitutional system.
David Clarke Makes A Tacky, Homophobic Joke About Joe Biden. "Please tell us why and what you were doing hanging around all those locker rooms, Joe? Taking in the sights?" the former sheriff tweeted.
Abortion Providers Brace For The Worst With Upcoming Supreme Court Ruling. A case that could test the validity of Roe v. Wade will be decided before the end of June.
Donald Trump Rushed Offstage By Secret Service At Reno Event. The Secret Service said no weapon was found.
Donald Trump Makes Mike Pence Introduction All About Donald Trump. It took him nearly half an hour to even bring Pence onstage.
Paul Ryan Closes Campaign With Another Awkward Embrace Of Donald Trump. The speaker had committed to attend a Trump rally before it was cancelled.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Obama Defends Counterterrorism Legacy. While Trump lays out his plan for the military.
It's Time To Play The 'Debate Expectations' Game!. This is the worst game.
Jailhouse Informant May Imperil Another Orange County Murder Conviction. The snitch scandal has already upended more than a dozen Southern California murder cases.
New York Grants Revised Request For Information From Trump Voter Fraud Probe. The president's commission dropped its effort to get data that included partial Social Security numbers.
The World Isn't Flat, It's Hollow. For some, nationalism can feel like all they have. Others turn to a gang, revenge, or a twisted form of Islam. None of this, of course, remotely excuses invasions, gang violence, massacres or terrorism. But it may be a warning that we can't just flatten the world. We also have to find ways to fill it up.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Trump Planning Executive Order That'll Deny Syrian Refugees U.S. Entry. And he plans to make an announcement about building a border wall.
Trump's Pick For Secretary of State Reversed Or Forgot All His Controversial Positions. Mike Pompeo is running away from his past statements on Iran, North Korea and Muslims.
Donald Trump's Campaign Doesn't Care That His New Ad Is Wildly Inaccurate. The real estate mogul's campaign said that using inaccurate footage in a TV ad was "1,000% on purpose."
Trump's Antitrust Nominee, Rife With Conflicts, Puts Democrats To The Test. Democrats have made curbing monopoly power a plank of their new “Better Deal” platform. Will that stand in the way of confirming Makan Delrahim?
Biting New Anti-Trump Video Imagines A Republican Waking Up From A Coma. The Lincoln Project ad was directed by Jon Turteltaub, who also directed "National Treasure" and "While You Were Sleeping."
HUFFPOLLSTER: Post-Debate Polls Show Hillary Clinton Won The Debate. That’s probably good news for her overall polling numbers.
GOP Picks Up Another Senate Seat In Louisiana Runoff Election. John Neely Kennedy is headed to Washington.
Rick Santorum, Ted Cruz Make Robocalls In Support Of David Vitter. The social conservatives are choosing to overlook Vitter's past.
Puerto Rico Is In Serious Trouble. Here's What You Need To Know.. 2016 will likely bring more financial misery for the beleaguered island.
FBI Arrests Cliven Bundy. The Nevada rancher was charged in federal court with conspiracy, assault on a federal officer and obstruction of justice.
Wyoming Republican Senator Mike Enzi To Retire In 2020. The longtime conservative will not be seeking reelection at the end of his fourth term.
Aside From RussiaGate, Democrats Should Attack Trump On These Five Issues. His firing of James Comey aside, Donald Trump is linked to a slew of  deeply unpopular policies. Here's how Democrats should capitalize.
Trump Style:  Insults and Domestic Abuse.
House Republicans Vote To Nullify Another One Of Obama's Workplace Safety Rules. This time, they've gone after a rule about recording workplace injuries.
Coming Clean: Pressure Mounts for Qatari Transparency and Proper FIFA Investigation.
De Blasio Helps Hillary. Really.. "This is a different country we're living in right now, and I think we need to hear a vision that relates to this time, not eight years ago." Woof. Sounds like a slap at her as old, out of touch and unfocused. But it isn't. It's a shrewd, necessary and helpful thing to say.
An All-Female Ticket? 'No Question' It Could Happen, Clinton's Campaign Says. Clinton-Warren 2016?
Virginia Governor Strikes A Pose With Willie Nelson And His Pot. They look like best buds.
Trump Returns From Foreign Trip To High-Stakes Drama In Washington. The president returns home facing even more crises than those he left behind.
Obama And Leonardo DiCaprio Warn There's No Time Left For Climate Change Denial. The president called out members of Congress “who scoff at climate change at the same time as they are saluting and wearing flag pins and extolling their patriotism.”
Trump’s FCC Wants To Kill A Free And Open Internet. The Moyers team has been in the fight for net neutrality from the very beginning. Our documentary Net at Risk was perhaps
The Supreme Court in 2025. The individual we elect as president will have the potential to have profoundly important consequences for the Supreme Court and the nation in the decade to come.
Yes, Medicare For All Is Definitely A Litmus Test For Democrats. There’s been an ongoing discussion surrounding Bernie Sanders’ highly-anticipated, newly unveiled “Medicare for All” bill
Bernie Sanders Says Trump Budget Exposes President As Fake Populist. "This is a budget for the billionaire class, for Wall Street, for corporate CEOs and for the wealthiest people in this country."
HUFFPOLLSTER: Voters Remain Very Negative About Donald Trump And Hillary Clinton. Trump’s ratings are worse -- his unfavorables are up to 70 percent in the latest poll.
Donald Trump Gloats That Steve Bannon Called Him 'A Great Man'. The president also says it's a "misnomer" that his former chief strategist still speaks to him.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Won't Be At Trump's Speech To Congress. The Notorious RBG can do what she wants.
Democrats Must Overhaul Party, Attack Big Business, Bernie Sanders Says. “We need a total transformation.”
Donald Trump's Latest Hire Shows He's No Different Than His Old Republican Foes. The head of Citizens United joins Trump's campaign from a pro-Trump super PAC.
Obama: Discrimination 'Doesn't Make Sense' To Sasha and Malia. "It doesn’t dawn on them that friends who are gay or friends’ parents who are same-sex couples should be treated differently than anyone else."
Obama Gives A Shoutout To Equal Pay While Honoring The 2015 WNBA Champs. He acknowledged the players' inspiring work as role models, but added that “money is useful too.”
Next Week's Republican Debate In Utah Canceled. Republican front-runner Donald Trump said he would not be attending.
Senate Dems Call Donald Trump’s EPA Pick A ‘Full-Fledged Environmental Emergency'. Trump's choice, Scott Pruitt, should be a rallying point for the Democratic Party, they said.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Takes Bold Anti-Veteran, Pro-Butt Stands. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!     Donald Trump
South Carolina Has Permissive Gun Laws And That Won't Change.
Trump Puts America At Risk And Disrespects Those Who Serve. Can You Believe? Can you believe our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico having to get their drinking water from toxic sites? Can
Retired Cop: I Never Encountered A Person 'Acting Out Under The Influence Of Marijuana'.
White Americans Say The Starbucks Arrests Were An Isolated Incident. Black Americans Say They Were Part Of A Pattern.. Americans' personal experiences in stores and restaurants also show signs of a racial divide.
Russians Reportedly 'Compromised' Systems In 7 States Before 2016 Election. Intelligence officials say no ballots or information had been changed.
Susan Rice: I Didn't Do Anything 'Untoward' With Intelligence. Obama's national security adviser reiterated her point.
Russians Invade Afghanistan (Again!), Chinese Fight Iraq War (Again!). Let's play a game, the kind that makes no sense on this single-superpower planet of ours. For a moment, do your best to suspend disbelief and imagine that there's another superpower, great power, or even regional power somewhere that, between 2001 and 2003, launched two major wars in the Greater Middle East.
Trump Says He Believes Cuba Responsible For Attacks That Hurt U.S. Diplomats. "It’s a very unusual attack, as you know."
Seriously, Stop Saying Marco Rubio Is The Moderate Candidate. He's more conservative than most Republican senators.
Shortchanging Our Own Future. To win the future, we should be providing incentives to encourage our youths to pursue professional careers that are suffering from labor shortages, instead of making education more costly and taxing for them.
Sunday Roundup. This week the nation was horrified by yet another mass shooting -- this one in San Bernardino, as a heavily armed husband and wife killed 14 and injured 21 at a social services center. Within days, the F.B.I. announced that it was treating the carnage as a terrorist attack. While we may not be able to guarantee that such appalling events never happen, we can control our reaction to them. As investigators continue to look into the couple's motives, it's important that we not surrender our core values of tolerance and openness. The actions of a few have nothing to do with the nearly 3 million Muslims living peacefully in the U.S. Already, a mosque in Virginia has received death threats, and an Islamic center in Florida was vandalized. To give in to those impulses is to give the enemies of tolerance what they want. The actions of extremists and terrorists can't defeat us, but we can defeat ourselves.
Student Who Walked Out Alone In March Has Company On Columbine Anniversary. We're proud of you, Justin.
Tuesday's Morning Email: The Trump Jr. Meeting Story Just Got Even More Complicated. Here's the latest development.
Hurricane Harvey Exposes Danger Of Tax Cuts And 'Limited Government'. In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, we need to tell the truth: While the storm’s devastation was unavoidable, it was made
Trump’s Tough Tweets Aren't Reflected In Foreign Policy, At Least So Far. On North Korea, NATO, Jerusalem and the Iran nuclear deal -- the new president’s policies are shaping up to be similar to those of the last president.
Donald Trump Campaign Manager Defends Attack On Republican Latina Governor. Even Trump allies are questioning the wisdom of this move.
Chris Christie Faults Obama For Failing To Prevent Los Angeles Bomb Hoax. The same threat was sent to New York City, but officials there deemed it "not credible."
U.S. Capitol Flags Lowered In Memory Of Chattanooga Shooting Victims. A Navy sailor and four Marines were killed in the shooting last week.
Steve Bannon Gives Bizarre Interview Amid Departure Rumors. He called white supremacists "clowns," despite having once run a website that caters to them.
Protesters Ejected From Donald Trump Rally After Holding Up Pocket Constitutions. The GOP nominee responded by calling them "rude."
Is OSHA Protecting At-Risk Workers Under A Trump Administration?. Labor advocates say highlighting abuses is a crucial tool to deter bad employers.
Only One President Had The Guts To Say The State Of The Union Is 'Not Good'. He, of course, lost the next election.
Study: Why Some School Principals In Florida Still Spank Students.
Bernie Sanders Says He Will Vote For Hillary Clinton. "The issue right here is I’m going to do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump."
Donald Trump's Aides Can't Agree On Whether His Tweets Are Official Statements. Yesterday, they were downplaying his Twitter feed as a media "obsession."
Trump Responds To FBI Raid Of Lawyer Michael Cohen's Office. “A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!”
U.S. Relocates Ukraine Embassy Staff To Poland Amid Russian Threat. “Our personnel will regularly return to continue their diplomatic work in Ukraine and provide emergency consular services," Secretary of State Antony Blinken said.
HUFFPOST HILL - White House Plays Host To History's Worst Meet Cute. Right now, the best ideas Democrats have for 2020 are Elizabeth Warren, an outgoing first lady not interested in the job
Death Of Obamacare Repeal Could Spur New Medicaid Expansions. Kansas legislators voted Monday to expand Medicaid. More red states could follow.
Fearing Border Tax, Retailers Boost Lobbying 31 Percent. by Kennett Werner It’s been a remarkably tough year for the retail sector. So far in 2017, retailers have set a record pace
Trump Lawyer: Trump Jr.'s Meeting Wasn't Illegal And Also Trump Knew Nothing About It.. Jay Sekulow largely stuck to familiar talking points in defending the president, including lashing out at James Comey.
Congressman Changes Position On Abortion After Talking To Women.
The Children's Health Insurance Program Is In Peril Again. But There's Good News.. The real cost of funding health care for 9 million low-income kids has dropped -- a lot.
What Happens To My Mother If Graham-Cassidy Passes?. They say politics is local; I say it’s closer than that.
Hillary Clinton Calls On Gun Owners To 'Take Back' Second Amendment From The NRA. The Democratic presidential contender wants there to be an alternative to the gun rights group.
This Is The Most Eye-Popping Stat In Bernie Sanders' Latest Fundraising Report. Only .039 percent of Sanders' donors have given the maximum amount allowed.
Lawrence Lessig Withdraws 'Totally Stupid' Plan To Resign Presidency. The Harvard professor's long-shot campaign just got a little bit less preposterous.
Pot for Pensions. Huge municipalities like Chicago and Phoenix are drowning in underfunded pensions. Can tax revenue from legalized marijuana save the day?
Donald Trump Fires Up Birther Conspiracy About Marco Rubio. Few are eligible to be president in Donald Trump's America.
Why Texas Progressive Greg Casar Gives Hope To The Embattled Left. Casar's star is rising, but he will need to beat mainstream liberal Eddie Rodriguez to get to Congress.
Meghan McCain Says Trump's GOP Is Unrecognizable: 'It Scares Me A Lot'. McCain said she could understand why Trump's critics think "the end times are coming."
Return of the Weasels. America is still struggling to live up to its creed enunciated in the Declaration of Independence and overcome its huge birth defects built into the implementation of our political and economic system.
Henry Kissinger Barely Musters Up Some Thoughts On Jared Kushner. The former secretary of state is almost positive that Kushner exists.
Young Cuban-Americans Think Marco Rubio Is Stuck In The Past. He hopes to lead them, but his hardline views on Cuba are out of step.
Mitch McConnell Poised For Starring Role In Voting Bill Fight. The Senate Republican leader plans to personally argue against a voting rights package during a hearing this week.
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio: Build Border Wall To Keep Out 'Terrorists'. “We need a leader who will protect our border and enforce our laws,” he told the Republican National Convention.
The 2012, 2014, 2016 Elections -- What About the Moms?.
The Democrats’ Myth On Deficits. The story goes that the economy boomed after Bill Clinton balanced the budget, and it collapsed as a result of the Bush tax cuts.
Rifle-Toting Militia Men Rail Against Mitch McConnell In Kentucky, Hail D.C. Rioters. Protesters at the Kentucky Capitol demand that the democratic presidential election be overturned.
'No City Anymore': Mariupol Survivors Flee On Train To Safety. The heat on the train was as thick as the anxiety as Ukrainian survivors of one of the most brutal sieges in modern history fled to the safer western city of Lviv.
Here's What Happened The Last Time Jeff Sessions Went Before The Senate For Confirmation. A 1986 hearing on his judicial nomination got ugly.
Thousands Rally At Anti-Trump 'Not My Presidents Day' Events. People around the country spent the holiday speaking out against the president's agenda.
Elizabeth Warren Won't Stop Going After Donald Trump. "I won't stop saying it."
California Lawmakers Vote To End The Tampon Tax. The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually.
Have We Learned Anything From The Iraq War Vote?. Two Democrats who voted against the war authorization discuss it on this week's "Candidate Confessional."
The Toxic Tax Bill. Behind closed doors, Republicans in the U.S. Senate are wheeling and dealing on a tax bill to complement the terrible one
Exclusive: Mitt Romney To Endorse Marco Rubio. The establishment wagons are circling.
Romney: Democrats Lost Because They Weren't 'Proud' Enough Of Obama.
Video Shows Questionable Arrest Of Two Black Teenagers In Texas. “They were clearly treated that way ― it’s pretty obvious ― because of their race,” an attorney for one of the girls said.
Russia's Cyber War Against America: Will Any President Fight Back?. I recently responded to this question on Quora: If Russia did influence U.S. elections, would that be considered an act of
Ex-CIA Boss John Brennan Tears Into Donald Trump Over Andrew McCabe Firing. "America will triumph over you."
Erdogan Banned Turkish Reporter From Twitter Because He Doesn't Care What You Think. The outcry against this latest repression is unlikely to deter the Turkish president.
Trump Vows To Stay In Race After Lewd Remarks Surface. The Republican nominee is due to appear alongside Democrat Hillary Clinton on Sunday.
What The 'Times' Got Wrong About Nail Salons. Rarely does a newspaper story get the kind of response that The New York Times front-page exposé of wage-theft at nail salons
Work, Youth, Optimism, and the Drive Toward a Safe, Sustainable Planet. None of us is capable of predicting the future, but the optimism of young people is even more impressive to me when we think of the uncertainties of the world to come.
Obama Expected To Sign New Executive Order On Federal Contract Workers.
Elizabeth Warren Blisters GOP For 'Full-Scale Assault' On The Judicial Branch. 🔥🔥🔥
When You Have Police In Schools, Kids End Up Getting Pepper-Sprayed. It's happening all around the country.
Holy Hurricane. Hurricanes have been dominating the news lately, and few events test the strength of denial as frontally as disasters.
Rubio Personally Apologized To Trump For Implying He Had A Small Penis. "It's not who I am and I shouldn't have done it."
Dazed and Dizzy, the Republican Majority Stumbles. The narrative goes something like this: We won the election, Republicans say, so Obama should now follow our lead. Of course, the problem with this line of thinking is that the president won two decisive victories in 2008 and 2012, and Republicans unleashed a wave of nothing.
Union Representing Laid-Off Carrier Workers Endorses Bernie Sanders. In a viral video, the workers learned their jobs are headed to Mexico. They're not huge fans of NAFTA.
Trump Just Revived An Alaskan Gold Mine Project That Obama Blocked Years Ago. Opponents are concerned a mine would harm the largest sockeye salmon fishery in the world.
Religious Leaders Decry The Basic Immorality Of GOP Health Care Bill. “When our democracy is sick, we must be the healers,”
Warp Speed General Sorry For 'Miscommunication' Over Vaccine Shipments. After state leaders voiced confusion over the quantity initially received, the U.S. is still on track to deliver some 20 million doses by early January.
Pope Francis: Don't Build Anything On Native Lands Without Consent. Like a 1,170-mile pipeline.
1 In 3 Americans Would Move To An Alien Planet To Escape U.S. Politics. cc: POTUS.
That Climate 'Scandal' Rep. Lamar Smith Promoted Was, Indeed, Fake News. A U.K. media watchdog has ruled on the inaccuracy of a story published by the Daily Mail and promoted by the GOP congressman from Texas.
GOP Lawmaker Defends Incarceration Of Japanese-Americans during WWII. Rep. Phil Covarrubias brought it up twice during a "sanctuary state" debate.
Rahall Falls To Jenkins In West Virginia's 3rd District.
The Super Predators. When The Man Who Abuses You Is Also A Cop
Telly Lovelace Is The RNC's New National Director Of Black Initiatives. The veteran communications strategist is named amid an exodus of top black staffers from the RNC.
Trump Supporters Form Human ‘Wall’ Along U.S.-Mexico Border. The demonstration comes ahead of the president's planned visit to El Paso on Monday.
Why Bernie Sanders And Donald Trump Won The Michigan Primaries. It's the trade deals, stupid.
Mitch McConnell: 'I Didn't Think President Trump Had A Chance Of Winning'. He didn't expect Republicans would hold the Senate either.
The Greatest Generation and the Stunted Generation. Our society is at least four times as rich as it was when my dad came home from the war. Far too much of that national wealth is going to the wrong people -- bankers and speculators who not only don't earn their wealth but who caused a great recession for everyone else. My dad didn't go to college; he was the first member of his family to own a house thanks to the GI bill (no housing scandals of that era -- these were direct government loans), and he was part of a rising, hard-working middle class. My kids and grandkids didn't suffer the Great Depression, nor did they have to slog across Normandy or serve time in a German POW camp. But they face a stunted future. My father's generation did not make their sacrifices only so that their great-grandchildren would be the stunted generation.
New U.S. Ambassador To Germany Offends Hosts Just Hours Into His First Day. Richard Grenell, a Trump ally and former Fox News commentator, has a history of stirring controversy on social media.
Giuliani Says Cohen Never Spoke With Trump About His Big-Dollar Clients. The president’s new lead lawyer sees this as proof Trump is draining the swamp.
Senate Republicans Grapple With How To Answer The Roy Moore Question. It's more complicated than just saying you don't support the Alabama nominee.
This Is How Trump’s Executions Are Spreading The Coronavirus. The government admitted in a buried footnote of a court filing that "some" key staffers contracted COVID-19 after the last execution.
Dick Cheney Suggests Restarting Torture Interrogation Program. Cheney's comments come as lawmakers have scrutinized CIA director nominee Gina Haspel for her role in overseeing the controversial program.
Thursday's Morning Email: What Today's New Airport Security Rules Mean For You. For all U.S.-bound flights.
John Kerry, Confident The Iran Deal Will Survive Past Obama, Plots His Next Big Task. The secretary of state boldly predicts the deal will have a 90 percent approval rating by 2017.
Avoid Confrontation in the South China Sea. The much-vaunted "re balancing" of U.S. forces to Asia has been limited by the conflict in the Middle East and the resurgence of Russia. Deploying more naval and air assets to the region would, in any case, have limited effect.
If You Thought 2016 Was Terrible, You're Actually In The Minority. If you think it was amazing, you're in an even smaller group.
Why Democrats in Iowa and New Hampshire Should Choose Jim Webb Over Hillary Clinton. While Hillary will be constantly defending herself against perpetual scandals and threading a centrist high wire, Webb will focus exclusively on communicating his bold ideas on economic growth, national security, and other major issues important to Americans nationwide.
Republicans' Risky New Idea: Vote For Awful Repeal Bill And Hope Others Fix It. “Seriously, this is weapons grade bonkers."
Pence Says ‘All Options Are On The Table’ With Syria. U.S. officials rejected Russia’s assertion that Syrian rebels were to blame for the attack.
Trumper Who Chartered Buses To Jan. 6 Rally Pleads Guilty In Capitol Breach Case. Frank Scavo said he traveled with about 200 people from Pennsylvania to D.C. for the Donald Trump rally on Jan. 6.
Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates Says Trump Is 'Beyond Repair'. “He has no clue about the difference between negotiating a business deal and negotiating with sovereign nations.”
Bernie Sanders Blasts Media For Focusing On Ben Carson's Biography Instead Of His Policies. "I know it's a crazy idea, but maybe we focus on the issues impacting the American people."
Donald Trump Endorses Roy Moore For Senate. Moore is accused of sexually harassing or assaulting several women, including some who were teenagers at the time.
Libertarians: 'War On Drugs,' 'Law And Order' Caused Firestorm.
Howard Dean: Democrats Shouldn't Just Oppose Everything Donald Trump Proposes. The former DNC chair wants his job back. And he has a more nuanced plan to help Democrats regain power.
Could This Russian-Born Trump Donor Be The Key To A Cryptic Manafort Note?. by Robert Maguire Yesterday, NBC News reported that notes written by Trump’s then-campaign manager Paul Manafort during a
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder Puts Refugee Acceptance Effort On Hold. The move comes in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris.
FCC Commissioner Pleads: 'Please Stop Us From Killing Net Neutrality'. The FCC plans to vote on a plan to eliminate net neutrality next month.
EXTREME ERNST: Backed Arresting Feds Over Obamacare.
Friday's Morning Email: The Uninsured Rate Is On The Rise Again. Due to higher costs and uncertainty about the Affordable Care Act.
Obama Hits The Trail For Hillary Clinton -- And To Cement His Legacy For Generations. “Winning three elections in a row can shift the tectonic plates of the political debate towards the left."
Tuesday's Morning Email: What You Need To Know About The Fallout From The Mueller Indictments. And so it begins.
Trump Notwithstanding, Franken Can’t Cancel Out Moore. The Democratic Party hasn’t claimed to be the self-appointed morals police of the nation for the past few decades.
Diagnosing and Curing Our Sick Health System. You couldn't invent a worse healthcare system than the nightmare we have created in the U.S. Our medical costs are almost twice as high per person as they are in most other similar countries but produce only mediocre outcomes.
A River Runs Red And A Small-Town Paper Wants Answers. Art Cullen's Pulitzer-winning work showed how agribusiness infiltrated an Iowa battle over pollution from farms.
Jon Ossoff Credits Women For His Strong Showing In Georgia. His top GOP rival for the congressional seat picked a fight with Planned Parenthood over breast cancer screenings.
Donald Trump Slams Another Indiana Company Planning To Move Jobs Overseas. Rexnord is near the Carrier factory where the president-elect cut a deal to save jobs.
Grimes Is As Tough As McConnell -- And As Nasty.
WTF Happened To Curt Schilling?. How the Red Sox hero went from the top of the world to the bottom of the fever swamps.
Hillary Clinton And Bernie Sanders Disagree On Taxing Soda. The tax has been suggested as a way to pay for universal preschool in Philadelphia.
An Insider’s Guide To This Head-Scratching, Utterly Unruly GOP Primary. Including grain silos, "God Bless America," deep-pocketed donors and Donald Trump.
Trump’s Long History Of Demanding Thanks From The People He Demeans. Some nerve.
A Clarion Call For Our Country’s Pillars To Demand Justice. It is time for an urgent clarion call. Given the retrograde pits inhabited by our ruling politicians and the avaricious over
Comey Rips Panels For Grilling Him On 'Whole Lotta' Clinton Emails, 'For Heaven's Sakes'. Congressional questions weren't a "search for truth, but a desperate attempt to attack the institutions of justice investigating the president," the ex-FBI chief said.
Here's Where Campaign Finance Reform May Move Ahead As Congress Dithers.
Friday Talking Points -- A Fool's Paradise. Will tomorrow be any different at the White House? Since we all seem to now be living in Bizarro World, wouldn’t that tend
Scott Walker's Terrible, No Good, Very Bad Week.
Prepare Yourself For Donald Trump: The Musical. How does a bastard, philanderer, son of a developer, man who made his billions on his father’s millions become reborn, as the champion of the scorned? We'll find out.
I Am A Canadian Liberal And I Am Not With Him. "Trudeau knows how to manipulate."
CPAC Head Hails Abortion Ban As Solution To Racist 'Replacement' Fears: Vice. Scuttling Roe v. Wade is a "good start" to allowing "our own people to live," Matt Schlapp told media at the conservative group's Budapest conference.
Ex-GOP Rep. Tells Republicans: Ditch ‘Patron Saint Of Sore Losers' Donald Trump. Donald Trump "is not the future" of the GOP, Virginia Republican Barbara Comstock wrote in a damning opinion essay for The New York Times.
The Wildest Moments From ‘Fire And Fury,’ The Trump Book Everyone Is Talking About. Why Trump eats so much McDonald's, and what his daughter has to say about his hair.
Another Trump Court Pick Is Rated 'Not Qualified'. Brett Talley is the president's fourth judicial nominee given the lowest marks by the ABA. Embarrassing!
A Bad End to a Bad Year. On December 17, 2014, representatives of 126 countries who had endorsed the Fourth Geneva Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War (Convention) met at the invitation of the Swiss government and, by consensus, passed a 10 point Declaration.
Trump Is Critical Of The Afghanistan War: Good For Him. In this case, Trump is rightly more skeptical of the war than NBC News and its team of "experts."
It Is Vital To Push Back Hard Against Right-Wing Lies That Mueller Probe Of Trump Is A 'Coup'. In a democracy, there are things the people in power must not say, unless they are absolutely true. One of those things is
Can Seattle Afford to Pay a Premium Minimum Wage?. With so many business-hub communities surrounding Seattle (more than a dozen not counting bedroom communities), residents desiring low-cost local services do not have to drive far to find businesses not constrained by the new minimum wage.
Laura Ingraham Hosts Segment On 'Safe' AR-15 Hours After Florida School Shooting. “Is this a problem with the gun or the shooter?"
Carl Bernstein: It's Family vs. Family In Flynn, Trump Showdown. With Jared Kushner in the hot seat, Ivanka has pleaded for her father's help, the Watergate reporter says.
Scott Walker Asks Donald Trump For More Power Over Refugee Resettlement. The Wisconsin governor once tried to block Syrian refugees from his state.
Republicans Still Don’t Know Much About Steve Bannon. And only 29 percent of GOP voters have favorable views of Donald Trump's chief strategist.
Obama Hopes Military Members, National Anthem Protesters Will Consider Each Others' Pain. “We fight sometimes so that people can do things that we disagree with, but that’s what freedom means in this country."
The One House Republican Who Can't Stop Criticizing Donald Trump. Principle isn't dead everywhere.
Rudy Giuliani Wants Limits For Trump Interview In Russia Probe. He wants any Trump interview with Mueller to be limited in time and scope.
There Isn't a “War on Christmas.” There's a Fight for Inclusivity.. There’s a movement happening, but to limit it to Christmas is missing the point. It’s a broader ideological war on ignorance
Trump Commits To NATO Security Clause After Refusing A Few Weeks Ago. This is the same alliance Trump used to call "obsolete."
More Evidence Of Illegal Activity Emerges In North Carolina Congressional Race. Two more voters reported handing over their ballots to canvassers who came to their home.
Here's A Complete Rundown Of What Happened At The Second Presidential Debate. There was a lot to talk about.
Clinton Delegate Lead Down to 194, Even as Dramatic Miscounting of Delegates by Media Continues. As New York residents prepare to head to the polls on Tuesday, with many of them -- particularly Sanders supporters -- wondering how much of a difference their vote can really make, the answer is: a very, very great deal.
John McLaughlin, Storied Political Talk Show Host, Dies At 89. He missed Sunday's installment of his syndicated TV show due to illness -- his first absence in 34 years.
David Vitter Advances To Runoff In Louisiana Governor's Race. He'll face Democratic state Rep. John Bel Edwards on the Nov. 21 ballot.
Key Google Searches Only Showed Republican Candidate In Montana House Special Election. And the glitch wasn't easy to fix, the Democrat's campaign discovered.
Blue Tide In Alabama. Can You Believe? Can you believe Bannon and Trump blaming Mitch McConnell for Roy Moore’s defeat? Or Trump claiming the results
Rudy Giuliani Reverses Trump Team's Position, Says President Can Obstruct Justice. Obstruction of justice charges are reportedly central to the special counsel's Russia investigation.
Kris Kobach Blasts Chuck Schumer's Push To End Trump's Voter Fraud Panel. “This was surprising. Because I expect him to be partisan, but I also, in the past, have expected him to be smart," Kobach says.
Hillary Clinton Email Investigation Brings No Charges: Attorney General Loretta Lynch. The FBI advised against criminal charges for Clinton over her use of private email servers as Secretary of State.
Reince Priebus Calls On GOP To Back Nominee, Even If It’s You-Know-Who. The head of the Republican National Committee implored leaders of his sharply divided party on Friday to rally behind their
No, Scott Walker's Super PAC Donors Didn't Waste Their Money. Contributors may still have business with Walker's administration in Wisconsin.
Dear God, The 2016 Campaign Somehow Still Isn’t Over. Democrats face tough odds in picking off a crucial Senate seat in Louisiana.
Democrats Split Over Opposing Government Funding Bill That Doesn't Protect Dreamers. Sen. Dick Durbin said “most” of his colleagues agree the bill must have Dreamer protections. But the GOP only needs a few to break away -- and some already have.
EPA Official Says 'False Allegations' Forced Her Resignation Over Flint Water Crisis. Susan Hedman says "there wasn't time" for a fuller explanation of her actions before now.
Sanders Says It's Clinton's Responsibility To Bring His Supporters Into The Fold. "That is the candidate's job to do."
Trump Isn't Draining The Swamp. He’s Hiding It.. The public doesn’t know if all staffers are abiding by Trump’s own ethics pledge for appointees.
Bill Would Block Utilities Responsible For Wildfires From Passing The Cost To Customers. "It's time to stop allowing utilities to push the burden of their negligence onto the backs of customers."
Why Cruz Decided To Take On Trump. After laughing off the businessman's barbs, while courting his supporters, the Texas senator abruptly shifts tactics.
Online Town Halls Like Clinton's Can't Replace Press Conferences. But tech-mediated talk can still be valuable.
Martin Gottesfeld Has Stopped All Fluids And Refuses Forced Hydration. Martin Gottesfeld, the man accused taking Boston Children’s Hospital offline to save Justina Pelletier, has released the
Emails Raise Questions About Chicago’s Handling Of Rekia Boyd Shooting. The Emanuel administration agreed to pay $4.5 million to the family of a woman killed in 2012 by an off-duty Chicago cop
The Backlash Against Discrimination and the GOP's 'Indiana' Problem. In 2016 and beyond, Republicans will find it hard to strike a balance between "religious freedom" and discrimination. They will find it even harder to choose between either "caving" and alienating their base, or alienating the growing majority of voters and facing a grassroots onslaught.
DEA Chief Agrees With Claim That 'Ferguson Effect' Is Causing Crime Surge. Cops fear they'll "become the next viral video," Chuck Rosenberg says.
Trump Hasn't Built A Wall Yet. He Hasn't Got A Prototype Wall Yet, Either.. Still, construction will begin "later this summer," an official said.
Here’s Where To Get Help Choosing Obamacare Plans. It's confusing this year and you don't have a lot of time. But help is out there.
Motel 6 To Ban All Locations From Voluntarily Giving Guest Lists To ICE. The chain apologizes after Phoenix motel staffers admitted they sent reports to immigration agents.
Internet Enjoys Sarah Sanders' Claim That Trump Is 'The Best Negotiator At The Table'. People were skeptical. Very skeptical.
Dying GOP Health Care Bill Wishing It Took That Trip To Italy. Death comes for us all
Politicians Bash Donald Trump Over Use Of 'Pocahontas' Slur At Navajo Event. "What Trump displayed today was an embarrassment to our values," said Tom Perez, chair of the Democratic National Committee.
Governors Could Restore Voting Rights To Millions Of People If They Wanted To. More people with past felony convictions will soon get to vote in Kentucky. But Iowans and Floridians still face many hurdles.
Obama's Call For Women's Equality: 'This Is Simply A Matter Of Right And Wrong'.
Report: Russian Billionaire Linked To Manafort Seeks Immunity To Testify. Oleg Deripaska, who had Trump's former campaign manager on a $10 million annual contract, is apparently ready to sing.
Drowsy Driving Kills Thousands Every Year. Why Aren't We Doing More To Stop It?. Only two states have laws against it, and even those are hard to enforce.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts Swore In Deaf Lawyers Using Sign Language. He signed "your motion is granted."
Ex-GOP Lawmaker Joe Walsh Issues Chilling Warning To Fox News Viewers. Laura Ingraham told her viewers there was "no real scientific basis" to support social distancing efforts.
Kenyan Woman And Her Toddler Facing Hurricane Maria Are Refused Rescue From Tortola By U.S. Immigration. Penney Gitonga and her 3-year-old daughter, Aria, are stranded in Tortola, a British Virgin Island. Penney and Aria are both
Growing Up in City Hall, Part II. My mother and I were always following the politics at City Hall. When you walked into City Hall, especially from the Fifth Street entrance, you felt like you were walking into a palace.
Wall Street Pays Bankers To Work In Government And Wants It Secret.
In States, The Estate Tax Nears Extinction. In 2001, all 50 states imposed either an estate or inheritance tax. By next year, the number will be down to 17.
Why Everybody (Except Obama) Hates The Cadillac Tax. Congress may vote soon to delay it by two years.
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis Suffers Yet Another Loss In Federal Court. The ruling is only procedural, but it adds to a string of losses for Davis at all levels of the federal judiciary.
Trump's NASA Chief Has Apparently Changed His Tune On Climate Change. He said humans are contributing in a "major way" to climate change after years of refusing to acknowledge that fact.
Soon-To-Expire Health Benefits For Coal Miners Are At The Center Of The Government Funding Fight. A provision would protect miners' health care benefits but not their dwindling pensions.
Donald Trump Is Now Calling Obama The 'Most Valuable Player' For ISIS. He's referring to the president as the group's "founder" and Hillary Clinton as its "co-founder."
Discredited Ex-CIA Director Is Back With Stealth Campaign.
Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes Are Spiking In The U.S. Donald Trump Won't Speak Up.. “It is [the president's] duty to repudiate bias."
FBI Claimed Petraeus Shared ‘Top Secret’ Info With Reporters. The investigation that led CIA Director David Petraeus to resign and ultimately plead guilty to a criminal charge of mishandling
The UN Strikes Back at ISIL's Black Economy. The UN Security Council dramatically escalated the conflict with al Qaeda splinter groups by passing UN Resolution 2170. This UN Security Council is the latest in a series of draconian UN Resolutions against terror groups pursuant to its responsibility of forgotten obligations.
Federally Funded Discrimination -- Did Obama Go Far Enough?. Religious organizations receiving federal contracts can no longer discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees. Some question whether President Obama has gone too far. Others question whether he has gone far enough.
Ann Coulter Fears She'll 'Die Alone' In Self-Pitying Tweet Against Child Tax Credit. "We singles live empty lives of quiet desperation and will die alone," she wrote.
House Republicans Create Special Committee To Harass Planned Parenthood. There's still no proof the family planning provider did anything wrong.
Air Force Relaxes Rules On Tattoo Policy To Recruit More Talent. But face tattoos are still a big no-no, like in most jobs.
What Do Republicans Stand For?. The GOP domestic-policy vacuum is evidence of a deeper problem: Republicans don't have a plan to move America forward.
Why Trump's Lies and Transgressions Appeal to His Followers. Donald Trump breaks the rules. For his followers, that's part of his appeal. Trump specializes in the lie. That, too, draws his followers to him.
Teen Dies After Helicopter Crashes Near Arizona Memorial In Hawaii (UPDATE). The 16-year-old victim was one of five on board the aircraft.
Justice Department Not Looking To Charge Journalists For Leaks: Top Official. “We don’t prosecute journalists for doing their jobs.”
Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Self-Owns With Tweet About Facebook’s Extremist Warning. "Tell me you align with radicalized misinformation without telling me," one Twitter user ridiculed the conspiracy-endorsing Georgia Republican.
Trump's Favorite Motorcycle Company Is Cutting Manufacturing Jobs. The layoffs come as the White House celebrates "Made in America" week.
Showing Their Strength: Women of Color an Undeniable Force Among American Voters. As the fastest-growing segment of the nation's largest voting bloc and the most active segment of the emerging majority vote, women of color are a key voting bloc with the power to affect electoral and policy outcomes.
Luis Gutierrez Predicts Victory On Immigration, Even If Republicans Win In 2016.
Fight Over Obama's Treasury Nominee Underscores Battles Within Democratic Party.
Cuts To Medicaid In GOP Health Bill Would Get Even Bigger Over Time, CBO Says. The poor, elderly and disabled would feel the effects.
Evidence Linking Alleged Florida Shooter To White Supremacist Group Is Really Thin. Here's what we know -- and, more importantly, what we don't.
Happy Birthday FLOTUS! Here's Why You're Awesome.
Michelle Obama: Who Do You Want As Your Children's Role Model?. The DNC crowd went wild during the first lady's blockbuster speech.
Trump’s HHS Choice: First A Letter To Medicare. Then A Campaign Contribution.. The Georgia congressman pressed Medicare officials on a funding change that led to a windfall for a company run by one of his top campaign contributors
Elizabeth Warren Asks J.K. Rowling If She Can Teach Defense Against The Dark Arts. Whether it's death eaters or Trump, Warren is on it.
Anderson Cooper Briefly Speechless When GOP Strategist Swears He's Never Heard Trump Lie. "Wow," he finally said.
U.S-Backed Syrian Rebels' Pleas For Help Likely To Go Unanswered.
The GOP Obamacare Repeal And Replace Plan Is Flailing. Will Trump Help Republicans?. Why won't the president LEAD?!
HUFFPOLLSTER: What Super Tuesday Exit Polls Tell Us About The State Of The Race. Donald Trump and Ted Cruz corralled the outsider vote, while Hillary Clinton won big among minorities.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On January 6. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Polls Reveal Stark Partisan Divides Over Support For Muslim Ban. A surprising number of Republicans favor banning Muslim immigration altogether.
FBI Director Chris Wray Tells Employees: 'Talk Is Cheap'. “The work you do is what will endure,” he says after release of the GOP memo.
Obama Is About To Visit A Prison. We Asked 2016 Contenders If They Have Ever Been.. WASHINGTON -- When President Barack Obama visits a federal prison on Thursday, it will mark the first time during his presidency
Protestors Continue Hunger Strike Even After Chicago Agrees To Reopen Disputed School. "This is their way of pushing us out of our own community."
Joe Biden Gets Serious About Campaign. s Hillary Rodham Clinton’s campaign struggles with sliding poll numbers, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s exploration
Oprah 2020 Is A Bad Liberal Revenge Fantasy. Please, not again.
Living While Black?.
U.S. Appeals Court Rules Against New Jersey Sports Betting Law. NEW YORK, Aug 25 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday ruled against a New Jersey law authorizing sports gambling in
Donald Trump Finally Endorses House Speaker Paul Ryan. After declining to back Ryan earlier in the week, Trump announced his support in Ryan's home state.
John Kelly 'Stunned' By 'Selfish' Congresswoman Who Recounted Trump's Call With Soldier's Widow. The president reportedly told the woman that the man “must’ve known what he signed up for.”
U.S. Hits Record Coronavirus Deaths In A Single Day — Again. Over 4,400 people were reported dead from COVID-19 across the nation on Tuesday — the highest daily death toll since the pandemic began.
Donald Trump Attacks China For Having 'No Impact On Little Rocket Man'. While offering no details of his own plan for North Korea, Trump has pinned much of the responsibility on China, which experts say will do little to solve the crisis.
Barbara And George H.W. Bush Could Be The Cutest Presidential Couple. They're celebrating 71 years together on Wednesday.
Treasury Department Renames Building To Honor Emancipated Slaves. "It's a narrative for a new movement."
Ilhan Omar: Trump's Islamophobic Remarks Inspire Attacks Like New Zealand Shooting. The Minnesota Democrat spoke Saturday at a Muslim civil rights banquet in California.
US, Trump Team Propose Names For Arbiter In Mar-A-Lago Probe. The Justice Department proposed two retired judges for the role. Trump’s team proposed a retired judge and a lawyer.
Bernie Sanders Clarifies Comments About Middle-Class Tax Cuts In GOP Bill. “Let's pass tax reform that permanently benefits all middle-income and working-class families without giving tax breaks to the top 1 percent," he said.
Native American Tribe Loses Bid To Stop North Dakota Oil Pipeline. The Standing Rock Sioux claim the pipeline would violate culturally significant land and pollute drinking water.
From Secret McConnell Audio, 12 Destructive Things a GOP Senate Would Do. If Republicans take the Senate next month (and if he wins his own reelection race), Mitch McConnell will be that body's next Majority Leader. Then what happens? McConnell's been frank about what the GOP would do with the Senate -- at least when he thinks nobody's listening.
Donald Trump Donates Portion Of Salary To National Park Service. The money will go toward maintenance of the nation's battlefields.
Educating for Demoracy: A Lesson From Russia. Democracy is not just a one-way street. It must try to serve those it governs the best way it can. "The Fool" knows this but unless the civic-minded are recognized as "The Wise," we are in danger of becoming a society run almost exclusively for the rich.
Kristol Is Clear. Republicans are lining up behind Donald Trump, but Bill Kristol is still trying to stop him. Too bad pundits are conflating
The Army Just Enlisted Its First Infantrywoman. “I want to deploy, see action, and I definitely want to go to Airborne school,” said Tammy Barnett, a police officer.
The Big New Idea For Reducing Health Care Costs Is Actually Really Old. Price controls are getting a serious look in California.
How The GOP Could Raise Gas Taxes And End Its Highway Nightmare. The tax hasn't changed since 1993, though its value -- and cars' fuel efficiency -- has.
Treasury Secretary Reminds Senate It Has 4 Days Before Puerto Rico Defaults On More Debt. The commonwealth can't make an upcoming $2 billion payment.
For the Effects of Voting, Look to Policy, Not Elections. The class bias in turnout affects the economic liberalism of the state legislature. Specifically, when class bias is low, the liberal opinions of the public translate into liberal policy. But when class bias is high, liberal public opinion has no effect on policy.
Norman Brown Was Supposed To Die In Prison. Instead He's Pushing Obama To Help Those He Left Behind.. "Allow the time to fit the crime," says Brown.
Ben Carson Thinks The Typical Democrat Is 'Uninformed'. He said it while attacking Hillary Clinton.
Sen. Susan Collins 'Disappointed' That RNC Resumed Support For Roy Moore. "I think that's a mistake."
Trump's Interior Secretary Shows Up To New Post On Horseback. It looks like it's casual Thursday at Interior Department HQ.
Herschel Walker, After Disparaging Absent Dads, Now Says He Has 4 Kids. The Republican Senate nominee has called fatherless homes a “major, major problem.”
Hispanic Official To Leave R.N.C. In Sign Of Disaffection With Donald Trump. The head of Hispanic media relations at the Republican National Committee is resigning this month in what appears to be another
HUFFPOLLSTER: Carly Fiorina Probably Won’t Help Ted Cruz Save His Campaign. The Texas senator has bigger problems to worry about.
How Should The Media Refer To Donald Trump When He Defames The Central Park Five?. A shadow editing assist for CNN, which is confused.
Colorado Governor Fights To Stave Off Republican Challenger.
Background Checks For Guns Could Save Many Lives: Study. "Stand your ground" laws and the like tend to raise the number of gun deaths, the study found.
Nobody Is Really Sure How Obamacare Enrollment Is Going This Year. The early signs look good. It's not clear how much they mean.
So States Ban Bump Stocks. Now How Do They Enforce the Law?. Another concern for some gun rights activists is that the state bans do not give enough notice to residents that possessing a bump stock is, in most cases, a felony.
White House Says Health Care Vote Is Close; Rand Paul Says Not So Much. “We’re at an impasse," according to one of the bill's leading conservative critics.
Je Suis Larry Flynt?. In our society, vulgarians like Larry Flynt and the murdered journalists of Charlie Hebdo are the vanguard who protect freedom of speech. They are the canary in the coal mine, whose death warns us of the unseen dangers gathering around us.
United Nations Panel Assails Trump's Refusal To Explicitly Condemn Neo-Nazis. The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination released an unusually strong warning criticizing "the failure of the highest political level of the United States of America to unequivocally reject" racism.
Cops Ask Armed Citizens To Fight Terrorists. What Could Go Wrong?. "Fear and apprehension in the American Muslim community is even higher now than it was after 9/11."
A Provision Buried In The House Tax Bill Could Slow Affordable Housing Construction. Republicans are rushing to pass a tax bill that could have all kinds of side effects.
Playing Games with our Future and Our Lives.
The Clinton Email 'Scandal' Revisited. Was it really a scandal, or just an over-hyped mess?
Jeffrey Toobin Defends His Visceral Response To Trump Firing Comey. "I try to be more analytical than polemical ... but I also have to be honest."
'Curb Your Enthusiasm' Over Rand Paul's Uneasy Reaction To Donald Trump. Cue the theme tune!
Why The Polls Got The Democratic Caucus Right. The same methods that were wrong on the Republican side were more accurate for the Democrats.
Trump Has Yet To Reach Out To Any Top Democrats On Obamacare Reform. The president eventually will need Democratic votes. He hasn't gone looking for them yet.
Hillary Clinton Endorses LGBT Nondiscrimination Bill. The Equality Act would expand the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to give equal protections to LGBT Americans.
Hillary Clinton, Tracy Flick, And The Reclaiming Of Female Ambition. This time last year, at a producer’s conference in Hollywood, a member of the audience asked Reese Witherspoon whether she’d
Trump Court Pick Says He Was Joking When He Compared Gay Marriage To Marrying Bacon. Ha ha. Wait, what?
Sanders Beats All Top Republican Candidates In Latest Poll. Although Clinton still has a healthy primary lead.
Louisiana Lawmakers Approve Restoring Voting Rights To People On Probation And Parole. The measure’s passage is a significant victory for voting rights advocates.
In Bizarre Photo Op, Trump Tells Press 'This Is The Calm Before The Storm'. “You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked reporters.
Ferguson Mayor To Name New Interim Police Chief. "We're bringing someone in who has some expertise and who will help us."
Jaime Herrera Beutler Midterm Election Results: Beutler Beats Bob Dingethal.
Head Of Trump 'Election Integrity' Probe Pens Wildly Misleading Op-Ed About Voter Fraud. The committee's vice chair declares there is "proof" voter fraud could have swung election outcomes in New Hampshire.
What The Justice Department Finds When It Investigates City Police Is Truly Disturbing. What might they find if they investigated more city police departments?
California Can Set Tough Vehicle Emissions Rules Again, Biden Administration Says. The move reverses a Trump era effort to eviscerate the nation's environmental laws.
Don Blankenship's Defeat Is A Relief To The Families Of Upper Big Branch Miners. "For the first time in 8 years I feel like dancing."
Glenn Greenwald Criticizes New York Times For 'Shameful' Reporting On Afghanistan Hospital Bombing. "They just write their headlines to obscure rather than to illuminate."
Woman Who Attempted Suicide To Free Kids From Family Detention Wins Asylum. Samira Hakimi and her two children were freed. But her sister and newborn are still locked up at the Karnes detention center.
Trump Touts Warmed-Over Obama Initiatives In Attempt To Change The Subject. The president kicked off his "workforce development week” amid the ongoing Russia probe.
The Obligation To Take A Knee. It is clear to me that those who criticize Kaepernick and his teammates for a lack of patriotism are actually guilty themselves of false or mistaken patriotism.
Gusher Economics?. Isn’t it time to stop talking about “trickle down economics” and come up with some new phrase?
Hillary Clinton Names Tim Kaine As Her Running Mate. The Virginia senator and former civil rights lawyer is seen as a polite attack dog who can appeal to voters across political and demographic spectrums.
Casey Loses Congressional Race.
Rubio Secured A Spot On A 9/11 Committee. Then He Skipped Many Of The Meetings.. In the anxious weeks after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, the Florida House hurriedly assembled an elite group of
Elizabeth Warren Says Americans 'Are Right To Be Worried' About Trump Presidency. But she also pledged to work with Trump where they agreed.
Atheists Form Super Group, Name Woman To Top Leadership Role. Watch out, God.
The System Isn’t 'Rigged' Against Sanders. A week ago, New York Daily News columnist and Bernie Sanders supporter Shaun King tweeted the following about the Democratic
The Republican Party Seems Down On The Constitutional Right To Counsel. A GOP ad attacked Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine for previous work as a defense lawyer.
Reince Priebus Thinks Republicans Will Attack Clinton At The Debate, Not Each Other. We'll see about that.
Justice Department Will Not Charge Police Officers Involved In Freddie Gray’s Death. “It’s not surprising. Police officers still continue to get a free pass to killing black people,” said one activist.
Citizens Against Monopoly. Google got me and my colleagues kicked out of a prominent Washington think tank. Here's why that matters.
These 10 State Lawmakers Are Pushing For Debt-Free College. With college costs and student debt exploding, the lawmakers are urging their colleagues to make debt-free college a reality.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Massachusetts Race Turns Competitive.
Donald Trump Expands His Supreme Court Wish List, Because Nothing Matters. Among the new names is Sen. Mike Lee, who quickly said thanks, but no thanks.
Trump And Republicans Expect You To Die, Joe Public. There is no Republican rhetorical ruse that works around it: Make healthcare unaffordable, and people die.
Stop: Read This Before You Donate To Boston Children's Hospital Following The Boston Marathon. There are many deserving Boston area kids’ non-profits, but Boston Children’s Hospital might not be one of them… This article
Donald Trump's SEC Pick Deleted His Wall Street Bio. Here's What It Said.. What starts with the letter "G" and ends with "oldman Sachs"?
Foreign Policy Makes First-Ever Presidential Endorsement, Slams Trump's 'Perverse Policy Views'. Donald Trump poses a threat to global security, the publication says.
Here's What Bernie Sanders Should Ask For At The Convention. Ice cream is a good starting point.
Jemele Hill’s The Mainstream: Most Americans Think Donald Trump’s A Racist. Jemele Hill, the ESPN host of SportsCenter’s “The Six,” sparked controversy earlier this week when she called Donald Trump
Michael Bloomberg Pledges $15 Million For Paris Climate Pact. “Americans will honor and fulfill the Paris Agreement by leading from the bottom up — and there isn’t anything Washington can do to stop us.”
Financing the Flames -- NIF Parade Fracas Pushes Outraged Jewish Groups to Define Mainstream. The outrage in some American, Jewish, and Israeli circles over the NIF's inclusion in the highly visible parade, formerly known as the Israel Day Parade, may be more than just a passing horn blast.
Who Wants To Play A Nerve-Wracking Election Simulation Game?. Feeling lucky?
Grow Up, Man Up, And Accept Fake News?. When our legislators disregard truth and give in to infantile impulses, the results are a sight to see.
California Raises Smoking Age To 21. The law makes it the second state to raise the minimum age to 21, following Hawaii.
Tom Cotton Wants To Punish Countries That Take Guantanamo Prisoners.
Big Insurer Eyes Exit From Obamacare Exchanges. UnitedHealth Group is losing money, which is bad news for Obamacare.
Bill Would Outlaw Abortion Before Some Women Know They're Pregnant.
Why A President Trump Would Be A 'Massive Disaster' For U.S. Water. The GOP nominee's environmental policies are vague at best, and dangerous at worst.
Study: Half Of Black Millennials Know A Victim Of Police Violence. And 22 percent of black millennials said they or someone they knew were the victim of gun violence in the last year.
Biden White House Drops Trump Orders Trying To Ban TikTok, WeChat. The administration will conduct its own review of potential security risks posed by apps tied to China.
Why Doesn't Mayor De Blasio Like Roommates?. The Mayor has announced his ten year, five borough plan to increase the supply of affordable housing in New York - but it appears he's down on the single biggest supply of affordable accommodation the city has to offer, apartment sharing. Why?
Jake Tapper Rips Trump: People In Glass White Houses Shouldn't Throw Stones. The president was blasting Sen. Al Franken when at least a dozen women have accused him of similar behavior.
Time Dumps Donald Trump Into A Sea Of Surging Coronavirus For New Magazine Cover. “The rising water as a metaphor for chaos in the Trump White House could only end two ways,” said artist Tim O’Brien.
Flint Residents To Get Lower Water Bills. Rick Snyder announced some relief for Flint residents, who have the highest water rates in America.
Twitter Calls Out Irony Of White Supremacists' Polynesian-Inspired Tiki Torches. "When you have to use a Polynesian cultural product (tiki torches) to defend and assert white supremacy."
Senate Confirms Paul Nakasone As New Director For U.S. Cyber Command And National Security Agency. Nakasone replaces Admiral Mike Rogers, who is retiring after nearly four years in the “dual-hat” position leading the NSA and the military’s cyber warfare division.
Secretary Of State Nominee Mike Pompeo Says He Continues To Oppose Gay Marriage. Cory Booker grilled the CIA director about his views on gays and Muslims.
Trump Administration Says Deported Dreamer Wasn’t Protected -- And That No One Fully Is. The Department of Homeland Security disputes a 23-year-old's story about his deportation.
Finding Comfort In The Political Success Of Other Countries. There may well be lessons to be learned from watching progressive politics in the UK.
This Billionaire Once Bashed Women's Right To Vote, Now He's Donating To Trump. Of course.
Chief Justice Roberts Will Sit Out Patent Case Over $175,000 Stock Conflict. A court letter to the parties said the conflict was inadvertent.
Donald Trump Blames 'Many Sides' For White Supremacist Clashes In Charlottesville. Trump did not specifically criticize the white supremacist groups who had organized Saturday's rally.
Rick Santorum: Kids Should Learn CPR Instead Of Rallying For Gun Laws. The former U.S. senator said students should stop "looking to someone else to solve their problem."
Democrats Contemplate How To Forfeit Their Power Upon Regaining The Senate. Senators say they're open to restoring the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees.
Why Obamacare Could Be a Plus for Democrats in 2014. If I were a Democrat running for Congress in 2014 who supported the Affordable Care Act, known as "Obamacare," I would be running a campaign explaining why I am proud of my vote. And I would challenge my GOP opponent to answer five questions.
3.7 Million Americans Would Lose Food Stamps Under Trump Administration Rules: Study. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue says reducing food subsidies will "restore the dignity of work" for recipients.
One Of Jeb Bush's Favorite Presidents Has Quite An Unfortunate History. The 2016 contender loves James K. Polk -- and we're really confused by it.
Loose Credit, Rust Belt Woes Lead To Foreclosure Uptick. In a worrisome signal for a hot heartland housing market, many midsize cities saw a bump in foreclosure starts in the third
California Police Chief Lashes Out At DHS Over Immigration Raids. What was disguised as a gang bust actually resulted in people being detained due to their immigration status.
Obama Speech Sure Sounds Like A Tacit Endorsement Of Clinton. "Trying to find common ground doesn't make me less of a Democrat."
Ex-Obamacare Chief Warns Trump's Already Weakening The Health Care System. Andy Slavitt wants the new administration and Congress to slow down and find real solutions.
Americans Want Congress To Return To Vote On War Before Midterms.
Elizabeth Warren Pledges Big Money To ‘Turn Up The Heat On Gerrymandering’. The Massachusetts senator announced a $175,000 contribution to state legislature campaigns and gerrymandering reform groups.
Job Listing: Member Of Congress (No Experience Required). House rules apply.
Another Debate Kicks Off With A Sharp Clash Over Health Care. Bernie Sanders thinks single-payer can work here. Hillary Clinton doesn't.
Clinton Announces Transition Leadership Should She Win In November. The announcement comes as Clinton gains momentum in the polls against Donald Trump, whose campaign has struggled after a string of controversial remarks.
The GOP Has One Big Idea For Health Care Reform: Crappier Insurance. Republicans are busy bringing back junk plans, pre-existing condition exclusions and higher costs for the sick.
High School Valedictorian Uses Speech To Blast Texas' New Abortion Ban. “I refuse to give up this platform to promote complacency and peace, when there is a war on my body and a war on my rights,” Paxton Smith said.
Mitch McConnell Says Americans Won't Tolerate Democrats Blocking Supreme Court Nominations. He blocked the president's own high court nominee for 293 days.
Strategy Of Force Coupled With Sound Diplomacy. Trump’s attack imposed a new responsibility on the US to follow through with.
Jeb Bush Draws Contrast With 'Self-Promoter' Rivals In First TV Ad. "I'm offering something different: leadership, ideas and a proven conservative record."
GOP Lawmaker Ignores Her Own Advice About Engaging Millennials Through Town Halls. Smdh.
Ted Cruz's Tax Plan For 'Hard-Working Americans' Is Really A Gift To The Wealthy. In a new ad, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) promotes his tax plan, which he paints as a way to boost
In Support Of Coulter's Right To Speak. Decades ago, a group of American Nazis wanted to hold a march, complete with swastikas and all the rest of the Nazi regalia
Hillary Clinton: I Am 'Part Of The Resistance'. ✊
10 Things We Didn’t Account For In The HuffPost Presidential Election Forecast. We’re biased toward reliable data.
Jimmy Carter To Discuss Cancer Diagnosis On Thursday. Carter revealed that he had cancer last week, but did not disclose exactly where it had spread.
Donald Trump Won't Block James Comey's Testimony. He's scheduled to testify this week.
Trump Cites Facebook Executive In 'Fake News' Twitter Rant Over Russian Indictments. "Hard to ignore the vice president of Facebook ads!"
Support For Same-Sex Marriage Reaches A New High. Almost two-thirds of Americans think it should be legal.
Trump Era Ignorance Triumphs Over Shakespeare. Why do we bother learning anything?
GOP Strategist Accuses Democrats Of War On Women Over Debbie Wasserman Schultz Attacks.
#MeToo Affects The Legislature, Too. It’s a good thing that the allegations against Harvey Weinstein have led to a broader mobilization against sexual assault
These Cities Are Offering Free Public Transport On Election Day. Los Angeles, Houston, Tampa and more are making it that much easier for voters to get to the polls.
2016 Race Has Changed In Every Way But One: Hillary's Still On Top. First to Last re-ranks the presidential candidates at halftime.
Hillary Clinton's Camp Looks For A Quick Knockout With Florida Blitz. Clinton herself or a top surrogate has been in Florida just about every day since early voting started last week.
Keeping Jobs In The United States; Start Leading By Example. In addition to the clothing line, the Trump Home collection trademark is registered in India.
Tom Price Needs Private Jets Because He's Very Busy, Trump Administration Says. Waste on a plane: Iffy reasons for extravagant air travel by several Trump Cabinet members.
Why The House And Senate Health Care Bills Will Make The Opiate Epidemic Much Worse. The key to reducing physical pain is not just providing essential health benefits but also reducing economic inequality and uncertainty.
Donald Trump Names Kellyanne Conway As His Presidential Counselor. Conway will be the highest-ranking woman in Trump's White House.
RNC Ripped, Ridiculed Over Presidential Debate Ban Threat. “Republicans can’t win a fair fight and they know it," responded DNC Chair Jaime Harrison.
Ex-Offenders Can Be Permanently Stripped Of Their Right To Vote, Iowa Supreme Court Rules. The prohibition is supported by the state's constitution.
Conservatives, Stop Scapegoating President Obama for the State of Race Relations. Many Republican politicians, pundits and loyal GOP voters have targeted President Obama as the reason for the current state of race relations in our nation. As those in the land of rock-ribbed republicanism see it, our current commander-in-chief is the primary reason that the racial situation is less than desirable.
Donald Trump Is Super Sad That Republicans Won't 'Protect Their President'. The president also claims he carried GOP lawmakers "over the line on my back."
Trump Rips Robert Mueller As 'Prosecutor Gone Rogue' After Paul Manafort Complaint. The special counsel says the former Trump campaign manager has been lying to prosecutors, so his plea deal is off.
Trump Announces New Jobs At Company Notorious For Not Following Through. Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn said in the past it would build a plant in the U.S. It didn't.
Donald Trump Achieves Lifelong Dream Of Breaking A Record For Length. His 76-minute speech Thursday was one for the history books.
Giuliani Says Trump Repaid Lawyer For $130,000 Payment To Stormy Daniels. “It’s not campaign money; no campaign finance violation,” the former New York City mayor said.
The Fragile Supremacist. If what I have I did not earn...
Why Elizabeth Warren Would Have More Clout As Hillary Clinton's VP. Even Warren's Senate power can't beat White House influence.
A Progressive Firm Fired A Partner For Allegedly Assaulting A Female Staffer. Soon She Was Gone, Too.. Revolution Messaging says it didn't force out the victim. Former staffers say otherwise.
Donald Trump Would Expect Ivanka To Find New Career If She Were Sexually Harassed At Work. Defending Roger Ailes, the GOP candidate gave the saddest response to the sexual harassment scandal the former Fox News CEO is facing.
White House To Tweak Birth Control Coverage Rule.
U.S. Agents Detain Afghan Family With Visas At LAX, Hold Them For Days. The father, mother and three small children were granted Special Immigrant Visas because family members risked their lives to defend the U.S. government overseas.
Money in Politics: Rising in Intensity as a 2014 Election Issue. There is more and more evidence that Democrats and progressives are discovering the power of taking on big money in politics as a central issue in their campaign strategies.
Here's What You Should Know About That Secret Seychelles Meeting. Robert Mueller has zeroed in on the clandestine affair in recent weeks.
George Leing Loses Midterm Election Race To Jared POlis.
Trump’s FBI Pick Said All The Right Things. The Question Is Whether Trump Will Let Him Be.. Christopher Wray indicated that support from FBI agents and federal prosecutors led him to accept the nomination to replace James Comey.
States Can't Legally Block Refugees, Obama Administration Reminds. The letter came after more than two dozen governors, mostly Republicans, vowed to block efforts to resettle Syrian refugees in their states following the Nov. 13 terrorist attacks in Paris.
What Democrats Must Do to Win in November. This November, Democrats will have chance to reconnect with ethnic voters and win support from them while still courting other key groups. It is not an either-or proposition.
Bad News For John Boehner.
Some Women, Kids Picked Up In Raids May Be Able To Stay In U.S.. The families are still in detention.
Senate Paid Out $1.45 Million In Discrimination Settlements Since 1997, Data Shows. The taxpayer-funded settlements are documented in new data released on Thursday from the Congressional Office of Compliance.
Trump Campaign Corresponded With Its White Nationalist Delegate Long After 'Database Error'. On Tuesday, Mother Jones broke the story that the Trump campaign had selected William Johnson, a prominent white nationalist
Trump Administration Repeatedly Denied There Was Any Contact With Russia During Campaign. It wasn't just one person. Or two. There's a growing list of people who had such communications.
In 2017, Dump Bill de Blasio. He has managed to piss off a sizable number of activists, parents and New Yorkers.
Inside The Chicago Program That Is Slashing Youth Crime Rates. "They learn that the kid sitting across from them in the circle has those same fears, has those same anxieties and that it's OK."
The Senate Is About To Anger Vulture Funds And Help Puerto Rico. A bill passed Wednesday that will help the island restructure its $70 billion in debt.
Trey Gowdy Injects Benghazi Into The 2016 campaign. Is Trey Gowdy planning a July surprise? The chairman of the Select Committee on Benghazi went to ground after he and his
Andrew Cuomo Agreed To Blame Bridgegate On Traffic Study, Former Christie Confidant Says. The New York governor's office denies the claim.
Donald Trump's New Travel Ban Targeting Muslims May Still Be Unconstitutional. Government lawyers will have a hard time arguing that the restrictions don't amount to discrimination against Muslims.
Most Americans Think Hillary Clinton Is As Relatable As Other 2016 Contenders.
Senators Say Loretta Lynch Standoff Could Be Resolved This Week.
U.S. And Pakistan Face Each Other On Afghanistan Threats At UN Summit. The Biden administration is looking for new ways to stop terrorist threats in Afghanistan after withdrawing all troops.
Kellyanne Conway Rips Campaigns That Seek Oppo Research From 'Foreign Nationals'. The White House counselor might want to have a chat with Donald Trump Jr.
Megadonors Missing from Pro-Trump Super PAC in April. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has repeatedly trashed super PACs and claimed he would run as a candidate who couldn't be bought. Through the end of April, it looked like no one really wanted to try that anyway.
'Disruption' Comes to U.S. Politics. Trump & Co. appeal to voters who want to turn the system upside down.
National Park Has Expertly Timed Tweets As Trump Plots Anti-Muslim Policy. They want to remind you about the incarceration of Japanese Americans during WWII.
Trump's Inaugural Speech Sounded More Like A Takeover. Friday was a triumphant day for the new president -- but you wouldn't know it from his angry, conspiratorial address.
GOP Rep. Thomas Massie Tries To Criticize Free Health Care, Stumbles On Good Idea Instead. "How long until someone runs on the platform of #FoodStampsForAll?" Massie tweeted.
Disability Rights Advocate Reminds Donald Trump That His Mockery Offends Real People. "I fear the day when we elect a president who defines being an American in the narrowest possible terms,” said Anastasia Somoza.
Judge Asked To Block Trump Administration's Decision To End DACA. An injunction request in California may temporarily keep the Obama-era program in place.
Why Obama Should Nominate Barack Obama For The Supreme Court Vacancy. The solution to this political problem is staring at him in the mirror.
Forget Russia: Without This Outdated U.S. Law, Trump Would Have Lost Bigly. The solution is simple.
Too Bad There's A Minimum Wage. Because This Wall Street Guy's Advice Is Worth $0/Hour..
Americans Can't Wait Until The Election Is Over. Two. More. Weeks.
Former Trump Strategist Steve Bannon Pleads Not Guilty In 'Build The Wall' Scheme. The former Trump campaign executive was arrested Thursday morning. A grand jury said he used donated funds to cover personal expenses.
In Syria, Uncovering the Truth Behind a Number. Citing the precise and shocking figure of 191,369 known killings over three years, High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemned the Security Council's inaction in unusually strong language.
Donald Trump Looks To Newtown Shooting Truther For Help Winning Florida. David Duke crosses the line, but this Florida pastor apparently doesn't.
Democratic Senate Candidates Run From Obama While GOP Moves Toward His Agenda.
Misconduct In Jailhouse Snitch Program Letting Murder Suspects Walk Free.
Rand Paul Calls Canada Border Wall Idea 'Pretty Dumb'. Oh well.
Pax Americana at Presidents' Day: How Go Our Wars? (And How Many Are There, Anyway?). Even before American hegemony emerged after World War II, birthday boy George Washington's Farewell Address admonition to avoid "permanent alliances" and focus on neutrality had long since been ignored. Now we have a worldwide web of alliances, mostly of our own instigation, and involvement in a whole host of wars.
Roger Stone Pressed For Damaging Emails About Hillary Clinton From WikiLeaks: Report. Stone's contact with Julian Assange reportedly told him he couldn't ask WikiLeaks favors "every other day."
Barack Obama Makes Last-Minute Push To Block Saudi 9/11 Bill. The bill would open up U.S. officials to foreign lawsuits, the president says.
House Republicans Say They Will Vote On Their Health Care Plan. GOP leaders are choosing to stay ignorant of the effects of their legislation ― and Republican members are letting it happen.
Eric Holder Explains Why Hillary Clinton Is The Right Person To Reform The Criminal Justice System. “This is the fight that she will continue ― when we make history by electing her as the 45th president of the United States."
Mitch McConnell Aims To Soften His Image.
These 6 Women Had No Plans To Run For Office. Then Trump Came Along.. After a wave of first-time female candidates in 2017, we followed up with some to see where they landed.
Roy Moore Spokesman Goes Blank After Jake Tapper Schools Him On The Constitution. That was awkward.
A Wide World Of Winless War. Globe-trotting U.S. special ops forces already deployed to 137 nations in 2017.
After Big Loss, McConnell Rival Not Ready To Have 'Tea And Crumpets' With Him Yet.
Obama Should Resist Military Intervention, in Iraq and Beyond. If we are to solve our myriad domestic problems and revitalize our economy we need to be more selective about our involvement in foreign crises large and small.
Adam Schiff: Steve Bannon Indictment Will 'Without A Doubt' Sway Others. "If they don’t fulfill their lawful duty when subpoenaed... they too may be prosecuted,” said the Democrat, who's on the committee investigating Jan. 6.
Ohio Legislator Says Students Should Be Able To Bring Guns To School. He has a very open idea of open carry.
Trump Worked A Few Weeks On Health Care. White House Claims He Gave It 'His All.'. If at first you don't succeed, give up.
Neil Gorsuch Allegedly Said Women Abuse Maternity Leave. That's A Big Problem.. It sure sounds like he's calling for sex discrimination. Not a good look for a Supreme Court justice.
Paul Ryan's Chairmen Do End Run On 9/11 Responders. A permanent 9/11 bill has majority support, but two congressmen decided to write their own temporary bills instead.
The Twenty-First-Century American Way Of War. Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Consider the latest news from America’s war zones, still spreading across the Greater Middle
House Republicans Were Handed A Historic Opportunity. They're Blowing It.. But from the GOP's angle, "It's going great!"
Success of Afghan Election Hinges on Credibility Among Afghans. The candidates must accept the final results of the runoff, and remain open to working together in the next government. If the loser feeds a frenzy of public opposition, it could lay the groundwork for something like the civil war that tore the country apart and opened the door to Taliban rule in the 1990s.
101 Economists Sign Letter Defending Obamacare's 'Cadillac Tax'. Somebody's gotta stand up for it.
Trump On Fox Savages 'Leaker' Schiff Who Has 'Probably' Done Something 'Illegal''. Then president pleads that "we have to come together as a nation."
Congressman Steve Scalise Discharged From Hospital Following June Shooting. The Louisiana representative was among a group of GOP lawmakers attacked during a baseball practice last month.
Police Shoot 13-Year-Old Boy With Autism After Mom Calls For Help. The Utah boy's mother called 911 asking for a crisis intervention team. Police responded instead and shot him.
Obama, Confronted With Bill Cosby Question, Shares Message Of Zero Tolerance For Rape. He added that no 'civilized country' should permit it.
Senate Stalls Zika Funding Laden With Partisan Riders. Republicans were using the Zika bill to promote the Confederate flag, anti-contraception riders and exceptions to clean water laws.
Anthony Scaramucci Lasts Half A Scaramucci Inside 'Celebrity Big Brother' House. "The Mooch" spent even less time inside the CBB house than he did at the White House.
Trump Suggests Comprehensive Immigration Reform If He Gets His Border Wall. But it remains unclear what he believes should be included in a broader package.
The Trump Administration Wants Your Help Getting People Off Food Stamps. Conservative Republicans in Congress are itching for a food stamp fight this year.
Trump's Abdication Message Not Best For All. In his climate abdication message, President Trump made clear his love of self over love of country and globe
Happy New Year, President Trump: The Hunt For Silver Linings. Everybody wants to know what Trump World is going to be like. Everyone’s guessing about what to expect from President Trump
Bill De Blasio Named A New Schools Chancellor. Then The Candidate Backed Out On Live TV.. Alberto Carvalho won't be leaving his job in Miami after all.
Trump's Pick For National Security Adviser Rejects Job Offer After Erratic Press Conference. Vice Adm. Robert Harward reportedly took notice of the president's White House performance.
New EPA Report Finds Fracking Can Affect Drinking Water. However,  the agency says "data gaps and uncertainties” have limited its ability to “fully assess the potential impacts on drinking water resources."
White Transit Riders Get Warnings, Black People Get Tickets. Minneapolis-St. Paul transit police are especially hard on American Indians.
Chris Christie Megadonor Jumps To Team Kasich. The support of Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone is welcome news for the governor.
Hillary Clinton Meets With Black Lives Matter Protesters. KEENE, N.H. — Hillary Clinton met with five Black Lives Matter activists behind closed doors following her campaign event
4 Things That Were Supposed To Happen By 2016 Because Obama Was Reelected. It’s now 2016, the final year of Barack Obama’s presidency.
Clinton Camp Warns Biden: We're Ready For War. If Joe Biden jumps into the Democratic primary, Hillary Clinton will be ready to go on the offensive.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On August 4. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Democrats Reintroduce Legislation To 'Decriminalize Immigration'. Reps. Jesús “Chuy” García, Ayanna Pressley and Pramila Jayapal are leading the reform effort.
Could John Kasich Surprise Everyone In New Hampshire?. Three campaign groups say the Ohio governor has surged to second place.
Resist The #TrumpTaxScam: Repeal And Replace Republicans!. The great existential psychologist Rollo May called it “intentionality.” It’s the broad arc of purpose the complex creatures
Nonstop Complaints? All Part of the GOP Strategy.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas Students Now Required To Wear Clear Backpacks. "[Shout out] to America for making my school seem like jail now because legislators don't have common sense gun reform on their agendas."
Journalist Sues St. Louis Police For Assaulting Him During Unconstitutional Crackdown. "Despite cries of pain from Mr. Faulk, the officer continued to press Mr. Faulk’s head against the ground," attorneys wrote in the lawsuit.
Obama Admits His Daughters Helped Change His Position On Marriage Equality. "It was not simply about legal rights but about a sense of stigma."
The President of Israel Reaches Out to Palestinian Arabs of Israeli Citizenship. I commend President Rivlin for this historic speech. It was a very important first step. But, as one of my Muslim partners in dialogue told me years ago, "Dialogue or talk is not enough!"
A Vote For The GOP Tax Bill Is A Vote To Cut Medicare. It will trigger automatic cuts of 400 billion dollars over the next ten years.
Donald Trump's Campaign Goes All In On Jailing Hillary Clinton. The idea is more commonly associated with dictators, but that didn't stop team Trump from cheering it on after the debate.
HUFFPOST HILL - Trump Drops Birther Claims, Now Can Focus On Rafael Cruz's Treasons. Breitbart ran a story about President Obama accompanied by a photo of a gorilla, so thank god that website will never hold
Fat Cat Tuesday: A Commemoration Of CEO Excess. Fat Tuesday is Mardi Gras, a day of revelry, gluttony, intoxication and showers of shiny plastic beads. It is the party to
Donald Trump Said A Lot Of Gross Things About Women On 'Howard Stern'. Donald Trump’s rise toward the Republican nomination has been fueled, in part, by his candid and often crude style — more
Carly Fiorina Benefited From Company Using Aborted Fetal Stem Cells. GOP candidate was paid by Merck at a time when anti-abortion groups criticized company's vaccine production
Nancy Pelosi Says Senators Opposed To Fair Impeachment Trial Will 'Pay A Price'. The House speaker called on the Senate to conduct a trial with witnesses and documents long withheld by the White House.
Newly Elected Mayor Locked Out Of City Hall In Struggling St. Louis County Town.
It's Not About Hating Trump: It's About Regaining Comity. Comity has virtually disappeared from the White House.
They're Against It. (They're Against Him.).
Investing In American Insecurity. The United States has a military that, by any normal measure, is unmatched on planet Earth.
Labor Day: A Reminder To Fight Even Harder Against Trump’s War on Workers. The GOP has spent the year waging war on working Americans.
Sheldon Adelson's Newspaper Just Endorsed Marco Rubio. The Las Vegas Review-Journal endorsed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio for the Republican nomination Friday, saying their reasons
Jimmy Carter Celebrates His 92nd Birthday. Miss America 2016 Betty Cantrell will sing during a birthday concert for Carter.
UVA Employee Suffers Stroke After Protesting White Supremacist Rally. Friends and colleagues say Tyler Magill's stroke is the result of being struck with a Tiki torch.
Most Hillary Clinton Emails Won't Be Released Until After Election. Clinton's handling of classified information while Secretary of State has been severely criticized.
Boehner Endorses Kasich Days Before Primary. Republicans in Butler County honored former Speaker John Boehner three days before residents across Ohio's 8th District will
Democrats Reject Criticism Of Child Tax Credit Accessibility For The Poorest Americans. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer pushed back against criticism of the online tool that some families must use to sign up for the new benefit.
Trump’s Vague New Afghanistan Strategy Continues An Endless War. The president says he will no longer disclose how many troops will be deployed.
At NBC News, The Harvey Weinstein Scandal Barely Exists. ABC and CBS both turned around in-depth segments on the sexual harassment accusations against the Hollywood mogul.
Pompeo Says 'Significant Progress' Made On North Korea Denuclearization Trip. He's working to set up a second summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
White House Looks At Ways To Reverse Decline In Union Membership. President Joe Biden has accepted task force recommendations to promote collective bargaining through executive action.
Pentagon Won't Punish David Petraeus Any Further. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter has decided not to impose any further punishment on David H. Petraeus, the former CIA director
Republican Calls For Enhanced Gun Control Legislation.
Ex-Obama Staffer Reflects On Trump's 'Upsetting' Comment To 'Pretty Korean Lady'. Gary Lee's first public tweets win wide attention contrasting his former boss with the current president.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump Could Be Gaining In Key Swing States. New polls show a closer race in several battleground states.
Utah Forces Doctors To Tell Women Some Abortions Are Reversible. They're probably not.
Airport Screening Made 70,000 Miss American Airlines Flights This Year. A shortage of staff and a surge in air travelers have created a nightmare scenario for the U.S. Transportation Security Administration.
High Stakes For Trump In Vote On Health Care Plan. Failure to pass the legislation would cast doubt on Trump’s ability to deliver other parts of his agenda that need the cooperation of the Republican-controlled Congress.
Elizabeth Warren Praises Aspects Of Hillary Clinton's Wall Street Reform Plan. The progressive senator hasn't yet endorsed a Democratic presidential contender.
REPORT: Secret Service Blundered After Bullets Hit White House In 2011.
Why States Don’t Want Trump To Make ‘Very Big Changes’ To NAFTA. Some U.S. industries have trade disagreements with the neighboring countries to the north and south. They want those addressed
Donald Trump And The Death Of Principled Conservatism. So-called conservatism has been reduced to a yawp of protest without principle, catering to an oppressive foreign power which attacked our democracy.
Support Our Troops... By Not Carelessly Sending Them to War. Failing to question America’s militant and aggressive foreign policy is not supportive.
Chelsea Clinton And Kellyanne Conway Share Unlikely Friendly Moment On Twitter. "Certainly never thought I’d write that."
How Obama Could End Criticism Of His Wall Street Speech. The faster he swears he'll release the text of his speech, the better for him politically.
Virginia GOP Candidate Calls Democrats 'Criminals, Communists, Crackheads'. Corey Stewart also made a transphobic attack on a Democratic candidate for the House.
HuffPost Headline Quiz: May 19 To May 25. Ready for a challenge?
Justice Department Releases Comey Memos To Congress. Top GOP lawmakers have been putting pressure on the DOJ to release the documents.
Supreme Court Upholds Oklahoma's Use Of Lethal Injection Drug.
Donald Trump Argues He Never Said 'Give Teachers Guns' Before Pushing To Give Some Teachers Guns. He wants to give guns to "only the best" teachers, like ones who've been in the military.
Rudy Giuliani: Bernie Sanders Would Be The Nominee If Clinton's Wall Street Speeches Came Out Earlier. Excerpts from 2013 speeches Clinton made reveal she thought bankers were in the best position to regulate themselves.
Jeff Flake Says A Republican Should Challenge Trump For The Nomination In 2020. The retiring Arizona senator didn't elaborate on whether he'd be the one.
Democrats Want To Investigate Whether Trump’s Top Health Pick 'Broke The Law'. Rep. Tom Price repeatedly traded in health care stocks while in Congress.
Only The 'Good Jews' Get To Go. No Democrats were invited, Jewish or otherwise. No heads of major Jewish congregations who’d dared criticize him or his administration.
What The Trump Team Should Consider Before Axing Meals On Wheels funds. By David Campbell and Kristina Lambright, Binghamton University, State University of New York To justify President Donald
Arab-Americans and Muslims: Beyond Profiles, Beyond "Problems". Part of what allows hatred to grow and flourish is our inability or unwillingness to allow others to speak, and to not only hear them, but listen to them as well. Too often our self-interest, and self-protectiveness, makes us feel like we know enough about "them."
Trump Responds To Supreme Court Abortion Ruling. He claimed the ruling "would've been the opposite" if he'd replaced Scalia. But the ruling was 5-3, not 4-4.
Virginia McLaurin Danced With The Obamas, But She Can’t Get Photo ID [UPDATE]. She's been seen online 66 million times, but the D.C. government still won't let her get a new license.
Federal Court Lambastes Conservative Effort To Strip Felon Voting Rights In Philadelphia. The court said the federal law in question "was intended as a shield to protect the right to vote, not as a sword to pierce it.”
Resistance Must Be Carefully Rationed. An entire part of a society nurtured in and so unwittingly fixated on the promise of choice has been submitted, as if overnight, to a rotten blackmail: wholehearted resistance or complete surrender.
Leaked PowerPoint Reveals The Gas Industry’s Playbook For Waging Pipeline Fights. Your Energy, an industry front group, claims to have recruited 10,000 people to its cause of battling pipeline protesters.
It's The Final Trump-Clinton Debate. Let's Count Their Lies In Real Time.. At least space out your fibs, Mr. Trump, so we can keep up.
The Florida Senate Approved An AR-15 Ban. Then They Didn't.. Every member who opposed the short-term prohibition on sales was Republican.
Families Of Fallen Soldiers Remind Trump He Has No Idea What Sacrifice Means. "You are not just attacking us, you are cheapening the sacrifice made by those we lost.”
Walker, Uninformed -- and Unperturbed.
Obama To Visit Alaska, But Enviros Cry Foul Over Arctic Drilling. Environmentalists say drilling for oil in the Arctic while pledging to save it is "deeply hypocritical."
Lawn Care CEO Explains Why He's Investing 'Like Half A Billion' In Marijuana Industry. “It is the biggest thing I’ve ever seen in lawn and garden."
Donald Trump Admits He Could Release His Tax Returns 'Immediately' If He Wanted. The GOP nominee has maintained he would release the returns only after they are audited.
Senators Collins And Murkowski Are Stronger Together. The real stars of this process are the two Senators who withstood threats from their own party to vote "no."
Can The Troubled Cleveland Police Handle A Volatile Republican Convention?. Operating under federal oversight, officers will be scrutinized for how they use force.
Poll Shows Donald Trump’s Feud With The Khans Hurting Him. Nearly 7 in 10 voters who have heard about the controversy think Trump is "out of bounds."
One Scientist's Hopeful View On How To Repair The Planet. The next few decades offer an unparalleled opportunity to undo ecological damage.
Ex-NYT Columnist Nicholas Kristof Ineligible To Run For Governor. Kristof had appealed to justices after Oregon’s secretary of state declared he did not meet the qualifications to run for Oregon’s highest office.
Trump Rails Against Press In Response To Reports Of Chaos. “Maybe we’ll start thinking about taking their press credentials away from them.”
The Erosion Of Truth As Trump Prepares To Take Office. The President-elect is now labeling any news coverage he’s not happy with as “fake.”
U.S. Senate Approves Ben Carson For Housing Secretary Post. The retired neurosurgeon becomes the sole African-American member of Trump’s cabinet.
Even Planned Parenthood Haters Hated The House Oversight Hearing. "This hearing is why everyone hates Washington, D.C."
Judge Signs Off On Deal To Make Ferguson Curb Police Abuses. The agreement was the product of several months of negotiations between the city and federal authorities.
Survivors Of Campus Sexual Violence And Harassment, Don't Despair: Title IX Protections Remain In Place. Nothing about DeVos’ decision interferes with the power of federal civil courts in this country from enforcing Title IX and the federal regulations implementing it.
HuffPollster: There’s Not Much Evidence That Brexit Voters “Regrexit”. A few “leave” voters might regret their choices, but a poll shows they’re not the majority.
What's Wrong with this Picture?. The University of North Georgia says it was an "isolated case of poor judgment." Well, maybe they honestly think that it was -- or suddenly realized they should stop letting partially blind Uncle Bubba pick out the catalog pictures.
The Road to Solvency. Even though 49 states mandate a balanced budget, either constitutionally or statutorily, there is no uniform definition of a balanced budget, and accounting trickery has allowed states to avoid paying for their future obligations.
A Major Goal Of The Common Core Is Going Unfulfilled. "One of its fundamental arguments has been knocked out from under it."
The Bible Won't Be Tennessee's Official State Book. The governor vetoed the Bible bill last week, saying he felt it “trivializes the Bible.”
HUFFPOLLSTER: Majorities Say Trump Or Clinton Would Threaten The Country’s Well-Being. One in five Americans say both would pose a threat.
Democratic Rep: Congress Shouldn't Give Obama A 'Blank Check' On War.
Trump Chooses Former Big Pharma Executive As Next HHS Secretary. The president bragged that Alex Azar, who will oversee Obamacare, "will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!"
This Whole Trump-Russia Thing Is A Complete Mess, So We Made It Easy For You. HuffPost's graphic guide to the main investigations taking place.
Countering Terrorism: A Comprehensive Conceptual Framework, Case of Intellectuals and Mass Media.
Dianne Feinstein Not Ready To Oppose Michael Boggs, Cites Support In Black Community.
All Aboard Trump's Buses To Bankruptcy. The president doesn’t seem to care if his proposed tax cuts would drive us in a direction toward financial ruin.
North Carolina NAACP Fights Back Against Lawsuit Disenfranchising Black Voters. The Civitas Institute is waging a war against same-day registration.
What A Battle Over Virginia’s Most Powerful Monopoly Can Teach Democrats Everywhere. Progress and setbacks on the road to curbing Dominion’s influence.
Here Are The Autopsies For The Victims Of The Las Vegas Mass Shooting. The details are disturbing. But they sharpen a reality we must confront.
Ex-Defense Secretary Slams Trump's Hold On GOP: 'Maybe It's Time For A New Party'. William Cohen, who worked as secretary of defense under President Bill Clinton, described fellow Republicans eager to please Trump as "diabolical."
Mitch McConnell Flip-Flops On Ebola Travel Ban.
In 2019, Me Too Sparked More Change, But Not Nearly Enough. While people bravely continue to speak out against sexual misconduct, there are plenty of signs that a system protecting perpetrators still persists.
Chicago Police Will Double Number Of Tasers, Get De-Escalation Training. Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced the policy overhaul after police killed two unarmed civilians.
Virginia GOP Demands State Attorney General's Apology For Mosque Visit. Though members of the party have visited mosques before, the GOP now seems to distrust any engagement with Muslims.
Kids Are Poor Because We Make Their Parents Poor. Is That Finally Going To Change?. Democratic presidential candidates are getting behind some big ideas.
Twitter Users Rally Around Union Leader After Donald Trump Lashes Out. United Steelworkers 1999 President Chuck Jones said threats have "kicked up" following Trump's Twitter attack.
The Choice We Face, the Debate We Must Have. What troubled me most was that Kerry, after acknowledging that many Israelis have offered the same warning, apologized for using the word "apartheid" saying that "it is a word best left out of the debate here at home." In other words, Israelis can have this debate, but we can't.
California's Drought Has Killed Over 12 Million Trees In The Last Year.
Donald Trump Now Seems To Have Some Regrets. WASHINGTON — YOU could hear how hard it was for Donald Trump to say the words. “Yeah, it was a mistake,” he said, sounding
Jeb! Comeback Watch: Former AIG Failure To The Rescue. Hank Greenberg is doubling down on his Jeb bets. What could go wrong?
Pelosi: Sessions Should Recuse Himself From Investigation Into Trump-Russia Ties. You know, because, like, he campaigned for Trump.
Donald Trump Was Losing This Election Anyway. Polls showed him losing must-win states even before many prominent Republicans withdrew support.
Sputnik, The Russian News Agency, Is Under Investigation By The FBI. Fionda said his last straw with Sputnik came on Oct. 19, 2015, after excerpts of private emails from then-CIA Director John
These 3 Senators Are Democrats' New Leaders On Foreign Policy.
Why Jay Leno Snubbed the Gun Lobby. On Thursday, comedian Jay Leno cancelled his speaking gig at a gun industry event less than 24 hours after three reform groups launched a petition asking the former "Tonight Show" host to disassociate himself from the gun group.
The Supreme Court Gave Gay Marriage A Big Kanye Shrug.
Donald Trump Heats Up Feud With Iran By Praising Anti-Government Protests. Iranian officials call Trump's support of protesters in the country "deceitful" and "opportunist."
Reminder: Even Trump-Hating Conservatives Are Still Pretty Crazy. Podhoretz is not a fringe figure. He is closer to the left wing of conservative-movement thought than the right wing. Even
Big-City Mayors Commit To Fighting Anti-LGBT Laws. A new coalition of city leaders is dedicated to fighting discriminatory policies in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Don't Throw Billions at an Obsolete Nuclear Arsenal. Before we spend billions on various short-term fixes to the Pentagon's existing nuclear enterprise, let's rethink the hundreds of billions the department wants to spend on nuclear weapons we don't need at prices we can't afford.
Fox News' Bret Baier Hits Out At Republicans Dismissing Capitol Riot Inquiry. "You cannot watch this testimony and say that it’s not a big deal," the Fox News anchor said.
Trump Justifies Executive Orders With Exaggerations Grounded In Bias. His ultimate undoing will be his fragile ego and its inability to accept reality.
Trump Administration Prepares To Start Enforcing Travel Ban. The administration's travel ban takes effect Thursday night at 8 p.m. ET.
Wendy Davis, Greg Abbott Court Hispanic Voters.
The Whys And Hows Of Nuclear Diplomacy With North Korea. The roller coaster of U.S.-North Korea tensions is at a relative low ebb after weeks of rhetorical nuclear brinksmanship
Dick Cheney’s Staggering Iran Hypocrisy Explored. The photo accompanying a Washington Post article published yesterday, which reported on a letter signed by nearly 200 Generals
Democrats 2.0: Answer 5 Key Points To End The Vision Vacuum. It is time for real change.
Trump Admin Wants Prosecutors To Seek Harshest Possible Penalty In Immigration Cases, DOJ Says. Immigration cases already occupy about half of the federal criminal docket.
How What Happened Here In Charlottesville Was Inevitable. The college town is reeling from violence and death and experts say the next white nationalist rally could be worse.
Michigan's Top Attorney Charges 3 Officials With Crimes Over Flint Water Crisis. It's being described as "one step towards justice."
Trump Claims He Doesn’t Know Matt Whitaker. That's Not What Kellyanne Conway Says.. The president just meant the acting attorney general isn't "a friend" he’s known for "his entire life,” Conway said.
New Hampshire Considering Sending Cops To Homes To Verify Voter Registrations. There's no evidence of widespread voter fraud in New Hampshire.
Obama: Supreme Court 'About To Make A Shift' On Gay Marriage.
Chuck Schumer: Neil Gorsuch Must Condemn Donald Trump Publicly. The minority leader says the Supreme Court nominee must denounce the president's judge-bashing to prove his independence.
The Most Scandalous Part Of The Stormy Daniels Story Isn't The Sex. The attempt to silence the porn actress, as well as ex-Playboy model Karen McDougal, raises some unsexy but vital democratic issues.
Kellyanne Conway To Visit Canada's Tar Sands, And That Can't Mean Anything Good. The trip has been called “a strong signal to Canadians on the importance of this province to the United States.”
Ted Cruz Probably Can't Save The GOP Establishment From Donald Trump. Even if John Kasich drops out, the forecast doesn't look good for Cruz.
United States Judges Are Not Enemies Of The People. In his brazen attempts to subvert the rule of law, President Trump is setting a dangerous precedent.
Former Intel Officials Defend John Brennan In Wake Of Revoked Security Clearance. Retired Adm. Mike Mullen likened Trump to Richard Nixon and Joe McCarthy.
Federal Judge Shuts Down Indiana Abortion Ultrasound Mandate. The law creates "significant burdens" on women and is "likely unconstitutional," the ruling says.
Sunday Roundup. This week got off to a horrifying start as a 9-year-old girl accidentally shot a gun range instructor with a fully automatic Uzi. While the manager of the Bullets and Burgers range promised a "policy review," how about one for the country? Let's look at why 30 states allow children to own long guns; at why the number of kids dying from gunshot wounds is up nearly 60 percent in 10 years; at why twice as many kids die each year from guns than cancer; at why almost 200 children died from gun violence the year after Sandy Hook. And at what it says about our real regard for child safety that all this can be true while, last month, a mom was arrested for letting her 9-year-old daughter play alone at a playground. This latest gun-related tragedy certainly has more than one victim. How many more children's lives have to be destroyed for us to come to our senses?
Even Ken Starr Thinks Mitch McConnell Should Allow A Vote On SCOTUS Nominee. The Reagan appointee and Clinton prober says Merrick Garland deserves hearings and a vote as a matter of "good government."
John Boehner Wants Obama To 'Start Over' On ISIS War Authorization.
Hillary Clinton Voices Support For $12 Minimum Wage, But Balks At $15. Her hesitance on $15 may displease progressives -- but it will relieve businesses that are getting bowled over by minimum wage campaigns.
Republicans Are Attacking Nancy Pelosi Even In Non-House Races. The House minority leader is turning up in GOP attack ads for Senate and state legislative races.
How WikiLeaks, Paul Manafort And Roger Stone Fit Into The Mueller Investigation. The special counsel has zeroed in on Julian Assange's organization and its potential links to the Trump campaign.
Republican Convention Roars Approval Of Baltimore Officer's Acquittal In Freddie Gray Death. A somber moment is turned into an applause line.
Enough With The Death Raffles. It is akin to selling cigarettes to raise money for lung cancer research.
Minnesota GOP Official Politicizes Robin Williams' Death.
Congressman Keith Ellison Wants To Run The DNC. It would be a major shift in approach, and a major contrast with Donald Trump.
Senate Democrat Urges Obama To Ensure The CIA Torture Report Won't Disappear. Ron Wyden is worried the report could be destroyed under the Trump administration if it's not made a federal record.
Monday's Morning Email: Former U.S. Attorney Says Trump Fired Him After Missed Call. The number of times I would’ve been expected to be called by the president of the United States would be zero.
Michigan Polling Demonstrates Ted Cruz's Next Big Challenge. The Texas senator needs to broaden his appeal to more moderate Republicans.
Trump Supporter Has The Best Reason For Why The GOP Front-runner Hasn't Offered Specific Policies. Huh?
Chuck Grassley To Meet With Merrick Garland Despite Opposing His Nomination. The senator invited Garland to breakfast, but insists he won't hold hearings on his nomination to the Supreme Court.
White House Staff Secretary Rob Porter Resigns Over Abuse Allegations. He has denied the allegations brought forth by his two ex-wives.
Policy Alternatives for Central America in Conflict and Crisis. The media spotlight has all but moved on from the recently white-hot humanitarian crisis on the Southern U.S. border involving upwards of 60,000 child refugees from Central America.  Sadly, the region has faded from the headlines, but the conditions on the ground that force families from their homes persist.
This Veteran Was Severely Injured In Combat. Now He's Ready To Serve Again -- In Congress.. Brian Mast was inspired to run for a U.S. House seat after losing both his legs in Afghanistan six years ago.
Nancy Reagan's Legacy Includes Support Of Abusive Drug Treatment For Teens. The first lady once promoted the notorious Straight Inc. drug rehab centers.
White House To Propose Massive Cuts To EPA Budget. President Donald Trump reportedly wants to reduce the agency's funding by 24 percent.
Barack Obama Is Fourth President to Put Americans At Risk In Iraq: Let Those Threatened by the Islamic State Fight It. Unless President Obama pulls back quickly, his administration risks becoming absorbed in another interminable, unnecessary war in Mesopotamia with unpredictable but almost certainly negative consequences.
It’s Official: None Of The Remaining Major GOP Candidates Accept Climate Science. Say goodbye to the only major Republican presidential candidate who publicly accepts mainstream climate science.
Portland Schools Ditch Textbooks That Question Climate Change. Oregon city’s education board will now insist on teaching that ‘the climate crisis is created by human beings.'
PETA Hires Lobbyist to Quash Bill That Would Restrain Their Pet Killing. The Virginia Senate voted overwhelmingly for a bill that would restrict PETA's mass killing of dogs and cats at its Norfolk headquarters; but PETA has hired a crack lobbyist in an effort to push for the vote to fail tomorrow in the Virginia House of Delegates.
Obama Administration Starts Playing Hardball On Medicaid Expansion.
Arkansas Becomes 3rd State To Introduce Texas-Style Abortion Ban. During a special session meant to discuss tax cuts, a GOP legislator who thinks the Texas bill is “absolutely awesome” introduced an even more extreme version.
Same-Sex Marriage and Physician-Assisted Dying: The Connection. Religious institutions have always wanted to exercise as much control over the individual as possible, but especially in the critical areas of marriage, birth, and death.
New Memorial In Alabama Honors Confederate Soldiers. The monument was placed on private land and dedicated to "Unknown Alabama Confederate Soldiers."
Scott Walker And Jeb Bush Disagree Over Canceling State Dinner For Chinese President. "There's many other tools than we have without canceling a dinner. That's not gonna change anything."
Just 31% Of Americans Want To See GOP Keep Working On Health Care. A slew of polls bring little good news for the party's beleaguered repeal efforts.
GOP Posts Fake Lincoln Quote, Twitter Appropriately Goes Nuts. Let's keep Abe honest.
White House Counsel Knew About Rob Porter Accusations For A Year: Report. Counsel Donald McGahn kept Porter on the job for his "steadying" influence, The Washington Post reported.
Attorney General Calls For Bigger Rewards For Wall Street Whistleblowers.
FBI Director James Comey Defied Attorney General With Email Announcement. “It is shocking and disheartening that someone I admired would do this,” a former federal prosecutor said.
Art Of The Ordeal. Donald Trump discovers that in Washington, the construction company doesn't work for you.
White House's 'We Don't Care Much For Brown Folks Week' Going OK. Could be better, probably couldn't be worse.
White House Defends Jeff Sessions Leading FBI Director Search, Despite Recusal Promise. The attorney general was also reportedly involved in coming up with the reasons to fire James Comey.
The GOP Health Care Plan Is About To Fail. Republicans Don't Know What To Do Next.. Sabotage or bipartisanship? The choice is apparently difficult.
Top Republicans may skip GOP convention. Washington (CNN) - A number of high-profile Republicans, fearful of a potential melee in Cleveland this summer, are considering
Richard Spencer Is Repulsive, But Giving Him Attention Only Emboldens Him. Media are overstating his influence and contributing to his grand plans in the process.
John Podesta Says 'Forces Within The FBI' Wanted Hillary Clinton To Lose. “I think to this day it’s inexplicable that they were so casual about the investigation of the Russian penetration of the DNC emails."
Ted Cruz Distorts Study To Claim That The 'Majority Of Violent Criminals Are Democrats'. "Cruz is misinterpreting our research."
Come January, Women Could Be Running The Western World. Who run the world? Girls.
Tax Reform Is Not For The Poor. Not even the middle class is a clear winner in the Republican plan.
White House Issues Saturday Night Iran Deal Warning To The Senate.
SHOCK: Clinton Offered Debating Advice To Romney.
Friday's Morning Email: Trump's Ultimatum: Pass Health Bill Or Obamacare Stays. The House is expected to vote today.
Chelsea Clinton Throws Cold Water On Donald Trump's Claim About Her Mother. Facing his own controversy, Trump couldn't resist a dig at the Clintons.
FBI Agent: Groups Discussed Kidnapping Virginia Governor. Law enforcement arrested 13 people last week who allegedly plotted to kidnap Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer.
On Inauguration Eve, Trumpsters Party In The 'Swamp' Of Washington. Trump supporters danced and drank to celebrate an incoming president that they said would shake up a city that they saw as corrupt, complacent and out of touch.
Migrant Women Reportedly Kept From Speaking To Kirstjen Nielsen As She Toured Facility. They said they were moved to a soccer field for two hours in broiling heat.
Jimmy Kimmel Enjoys 'Emotional Weekend' After Likely Death Of Obamacare Repeal Bill. "I still can’t believe we pulled it off, but we did. It’s amazing, isn’t it?"
White House: Only Thing Inappropriate About Trump Jr. Meeting With Russians Was Leaks. Trump’s allies have defended Trump Jr. since news of the meeting broke Sunday.
Donald Trump Jr. Just Admitted He Committed A Crime. Planning a crime and failing to successfully pull it off can still be a crime.
Explaining the Middle East in Two Minutes!. Your favorite politician or pundit says there's an easy solution? This should help clarify things...
Congress Finally Reauthorizes Juvenile Justice Act After 16 Years. Child advocates say it's an important victory given the Trump administration's tough-on-crime rhetoric.
Korean-American Lawmakers Tell Trump To Stop Threats And Pursue Diplomacy. It's the first time Korean-American elected officials have spoken in one voice on the issue.
Trump Taps Exxon CEO Tillerson As Top U.S. Diplomat. “Mr. Tillerson’s cozy ties to Vladimir Putin and Russia would represent an untenable conflict at the State Department.”
ACLU Of Oregon: Mayor's Attempt To Stop Pro-Trump, Anti-Sharia Rallies Is ‘Unconstitutional’. “If we allow the government to shut down speech for some, we all will pay the price down the line."
Detroit So Broke That Firefighters' Alert System Is Made Of Pop Cans, Doorbells.
Sanders' Plan To Reform The Fed Exposes A Democratic Rift On Wall Street. The Clinton wing of the party is still figuring out what to do with the Warren wing.
Second Texas Judge Leaves The Republican Party In The Age Of Donald Trump. "In short, my family values, my Christian value, my core beliefs have been disenfranchised by my party’s nominee for president."
Rand Paul Says Calling Trump 'A Racist' Hurts Immigration Talks. The Republican senator added that it was "unfair" to portray the president as a racist, despite his alleged "shithole" comments.
The Sound Of President Trump's Silence. In a time when I thought President Trump’s rampant xenophobia could not get any worse, I am constantly surprised.
Bobby Jindal Blasts Scott Walker's Health Plan As Too Liberal. The Wisconsin governor has unveiled his own alternative to Obamacare.
Natalie Portman Will Play Ruth Bader Ginsburg In New Film.
Bristol Palin Engaged To Medal Of Honor Recipient.
Monday's Morning Email: Police Investigate Latest London Incident As Terror Attack. And a suspect has been arrested in the death of a Muslim teen, who was killed after leaving a Virginia mosque.
Hey, Remember How 6 Democrats Voted To Confirm Ben Carson?. It actually happened!
People Cheer Companies Kicking Nazis Off The Internet. But Who's Next?. "Any tactic used now to silence neo-Nazis will soon be used against others."
Trump Uses NATO Unity Ceremony To Bash European Allies On Military Spending. “This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States," Trump said in Brussels.
Koch Brothers' Groups Criticize GOP Senate Health Care Bill For Not Being Conservative Enough. The bill is just a “slight nip and tuck,” said Tim Phillips, president of the Koch-funded Americans for Prosperity.
Growing Signs Schumer Will Oppose Iran Deal. Chuck Schumer is getting an earful from opponents of the Iran nuclear deal.
Mennonite Woman Jailed For Refusing To Testify In Death Penalty Appeal. The Colorado private investigator who helped defend a condemned killer says religious beliefs prevent her from testifying for the prosecution.
Trump’s Supreme Court Pick Wants To Gut Legal Rule That Environmental Groups Rely On. Even Antonin Scalia supported the doctrine. But not Neil Gorsuch.
Donald Trump Triumphs In Liberal Vermont. Kasich finishes a close second.
Watch This Chilling Moment From A Donald Trump Rally. Trump said it was "so great" that audience members tackled a protester.
Bernie Moves The Overton Window On Single-Payer. Senator Bernie Sanders unveiled his single-payer “Medicare For All” plan today, and so far he’s already got 15 Democratic
Paul Ryan Calls On Roy Moore To 'Step Aside'. No more "if true."
For Marjorie Taylor Greene, ‘Politics Trumps Truth,’ Mother Of Parkland Victim Says. "Her statement is clear because here I am with you and she's not," Linda Beigel Schulman, whose son, Scott, died in the 2018 attack, said.
Trump Administration Hits Small Farmers With More Bad News. An Obama-era rule meant to help livestock farmers fight meat industry abuses could be on death row.
What Would Clausewitz Do?. A fair-minded review of the last 40 or 50 years reveals a painfully meager inventory of successes. Grenada, Panama, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Afghanistan (we can hope) are arguable exceptions.
Joyce McDonald Midterm Election Results: McDonald Loses To Denny Heck.
Supreme Court May Give A Break To Thousands Of Workers Shorted On Pay. It appears the court won't be dealing a blow to worker efforts to bring class action lawsuits against their employers.
Civil Rights Movement Network Law Is A Much-Needed Tool. Unsung heroes and small victories make up civil rights lore.
5 Key Things To Know About Doug Jones, The Democrat Who Beat Roy Moore. Jones will be Alabama's first Democratic senator in 25 years.
Marco Rubio's Announcement Speech Had A Goof.
Border Enforcement Head Should Resign Over Migrant Child Death, Rep. Castro Says. “If I was the head of DHS, I would ask him to step down,” said U.S. Rep. Joaquín Castro of Texas.
Pyrrhic Victory. GOP leaders don't seem fazed by the potential looming political booby trap. They are too busy accusing Obama of incompetence and lack of character in an attempt to delegitimize his presidency.
The Truth Came To A Good Marine, And Died In His Arms. There is no shame in telling the truth, particularly when, by doing so, you acknowledge your accountability and accept responsibility
Senate Democrats Prepare To Kick Dreamer Fix To Next Year, As House Promises A Fight. Pushing the issue to next year would leave hundreds of thousands of undocumented young people in limbo, but Congress might do it anyway.
ACLU Sues Florida County Over 'Prison Gerrymandering'.
Trump's Approval Rating Ticks Up Slightly From His Record Low. The president's numbers are up since August, although still in the red.
Orwell's Nightmare: The NSA and Google -- Big Brother Meets Big Business. What would happen if the most powerful technology company in the world and the largest clandestine spying agency in the world joined forces?
Deputy Kills Unarmed Black Man After Alleged Shoplifting From Houston Dollar General. Footage shows a Harris County Sheriff’s Office deputy chasing the man, pinning him down and hitting him with a stun gun before shooting him in the back.
Jerry Brown Signs Automatic Voter Registration In California. Advocates see the bill as a way to help millions of unregistered Californians.
Obama: U.S. Airstrikes, Aid In Iraq Continues With No Set 'Timetable'.
Only Three States Score Higher Than D+ In A State Integrity Investigation. Trouble in America's statehouses: secrecy, questionable ethics and conflicts of interest.
Reince Priebus Says It's 'Too Late' For A New Candidate To Stop Trump. Republican insiders have floated the idea of a third-party conservative.
The Maryland Governor’s Race Is A Referendum On The Democratic Party’s Ambition. The Ben Jealous-Rushern Baker clash is the latest between national progressives and skeptical state party establishments.
This Is Not Your Independence Day. The 4th of July might commemorate the independence of our country -- but it also serves as a bitter reminder that in 1776, the country that I love had no place for me in it.
Bill Maher: Voting For Hillary Clinton Is Like Settling For Chicken Instead Of Fish. "We have two good candidates."
Schumer Demands Criminal Probe Of Flynn. “Gen. Flynn’s resignation is not the end of the story. It is merely the beginning,” the Senate Minority Leader said.
Obama: 'Violence Against Police Is Unacceptable'.
Austin Voters Deal Huge Setback To Uber, Lyft. Voters in Austin, Texas, rejected Proposition 1, a major defeat for ridesharing companies.  The failure of the proposition
Battle for Democratic Party: After the Unity Reform Commission. With the Democratic Party’s “Unity Reform Commission” now history, major political forces are entering a new stage of contention
Deputy Who Flipped Spring Valley High Student Acted Reprehensibly, School Officials Say. "This incident is outrageous and unforgivable and doesn’t represent what this district is."
Florida Will Give Some, But Not All, Death Row Prisoners A Second Chance At Life. The state's highest court ruled that inmates condemned since 2002 may get new sentencing hearings.
Unusual Group Describes 'Day Of Euphoria' After Major Rand Paul Announcement.
Trump Repeats Huge Lie About The U.S. Murder Rate. The president claimed the national murder rate is at a 47-year high. Wrong!
How We Arrived At A 'Shithole' Shutdown. Trump's Jan. 11 outburst played a key role.
Why Millennials Should Remember That Their Vote Matters This Election. They make up one-third of eligible voters.
House Sets Timeline To Help Puerto Rico Handle Fiscal Crisis. As Puerto Rico "unfolds into chaos," lawmakers are taking their time to help the island, which over 3.5 million Americans call home.
REPORTS: Putin Personally Directed Democratic E-mail Hacks; Trump Aware of Russian Involvement. The report goes on to describe Putin’s involvement as a personal vendetta against Clinton.
Senator In Charge Of FBI Oversight Not Bothered By Trump Firing Its Director. Chuck Grassley, onetime fierce watchdog, is toeing the president's line on James Comey's ouster.
Republican Group Torches Kevin McCarthy Over Jan. 6 In Scathing Ad Campaign. A conservative group asked the House minority leader a blunt question about Jan. 6.
Biden Goes With Safe Fed Pick Over Nod To Progressives In Face Of Inflation Threat. The renomination of Jerome Powell also returns Joe Biden to his roots as an economic moderate.
Absentee Senator Pat Roberts Survives Bruising Kansas Primary. Roberts appeared vulnerable earlier this year after questions were raised about his residency in Kansas, similar to what helped defeat veteran Sen. Richard Lugar two years ago.
The White House Keeps Attacking Congresswoman Who Has Been Right All Along. Calling Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.) a liar keeps backfiring.
Why Are There No News Helicopters Over Ferguson?.
Marco Rubio's Future In The 2016 Race Looks Cloudy. Marco Rubio's presidential campaign and those close to the Florida senator are engaged in deep conversations about the future
Thursday's Morning Email: West Wing In Conflict: Kushner Vs. Bannon. Inside the turf war.
Hillary Clinton Calls Out Trump’s Racism While Commiserating With His Supporters. Let’s not forget the pain of the white working class, she urged.
We Asked GOP Candidates About The Surge In Anti-Muslim Violence In The U.S. Then Things Got Awkward.. Minutes after attending a forum hosted by anti-Muslim conspiracy theorist Frank Gaffney on Monday, Republican presidential
Hillary Clinton, Bill De Blasio Assailed For Racially Charged Joke. The joke set off angry reactions on social media with commentators criticizing Clinton, who has strong support from black voters.
Low Regard For Beauregard. Poor Jeff Sessions...
Bernie Sanders Points To Clinton's Shifts On Issues In Iowa Speech. DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Bernie Sanders sharpened the contrast with Hillary Rodham Clinton on a bevy of liberal causes on
Donald Trump's Path To 300 House Votes On Infrastructure Runs Through The Black Caucus. "If that’s their approach for 2017, I’m all in," said one Congressional Black Caucus member.
Democrats See Medicare Fight As Donald Trump’s Achilles Heel. Welcome to the "war on seniors."
Ted Cruz Has A Message For The GOP's 'Greybeards'.
Obama's Foreign Policy Promises Then and Now. Boots are "on the ground" in Syria, and Gitmo is still open.
Ben Carson: Donald Trump Has 'Major Defects'. "Are there better people? Probably."
Former Bernie Supporters Canvass For Clinton In Critical Philly Suburbs. These volunteers realized they had taken Hillary Clinton for granted.
Here Are The Candidates Voters Think Can Actually Win In November. Hardly anyone is basing their own vote on electability, though.
Monday's Morning Email: What's Next For The U.S. On Syria. And what President Trump can expect moving forward.
Arkansas Begins Listing Some Same-Sex Parents On Birth Certificates. But it may not last long.
The Conundrum of Corporation and Nation. Either we lessen the dominance of big American corporations over American politics. Or we increase their allegiance and responsibility to America. It has to be one or the other. Americans can't thrive within a political system run largely by big American corporations -- organized to boost their share prices but not boost America.
Despite Court Losses, Trump Has Found A Backdoor To Continue The Muslim Ban. The administration continues to impose unreasonable administrative hurdles on visa applicants from Muslim-majority countries.
HUFFPOLLSTER: GOP Strategist Gives Democrats The Advantage In November. The party could be especially weak if Donald Trump wins the nomination.
Iran vs. Israel = Zero. Netanyahu made one very effective point today. He said, "How can you expect Israel to trust Iran in any way as long as Iran's clearly stated goal about Israel is annihilation?"I think it makes sense for the U.S. to demand that Iran withdraw its clear and public threat to Israel's existence as part of any new nuclear arrangement.
Stephen Colbert's Show Is Rigged, Hillary Clinton Is Vulgar, And Other Election Complaints To The FCC. People lodged more than 800 election-related complaints to the agency.
Michigan Begs Supreme Court To Reinstate Ban On 'Straight-Ticket' Voting. A lower court found the ban disproportionately affected black voters.
Politician's Use Of Tinder To 'Get To Know' Voters Completely Backfires. "Swipe right and let’s talk."
FEMA Chief Hailed As The Man For The Job In Texas. Trump Just Needs To Let Him Do It.. Brock Long is probably one of the "best prepared" people in the country for this task, a former FEMA official says.
California Passes Law Ending 'Meal Shaming' In Schools. The law will ensure that children are not denied a full lunch because of their parents’ debt.
Monday's Morning Email: How The Grammys Got Political. But the highlight of the night was Beyoncé's performance.
Marco Rubio’s Shaky Obamacare Hypothetical Explored. Sen. Marco Rubio described a hypothetical Detroit business owner with 10 employees as facing higher costs under the Affordable
Colorado Voters Are Canceling Their Registrations After Trump Request For Voter Data. "I never expected to see more withdrawals in a day than new registrations," one election official said.
Tax Cuts Boost Growth -- And Other Things They Tell Children. It is a bit incredible that we are again being told tax cuts directed primarily toward the wealthy will create a surge of
CNN's Jake Tapper Calls White House Claim That UK Spied On Trump An 'Embarrassment'. "What is the White House defending here? Because it damn sure isn’t national security or American credibility before the world."
Republican Party Takes Aim At Donald Trump In State Of The Union Response. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley issues call for calm in wake of anti-immigrant rhetoric.
The Handful Of Women On Trump's Staff Don't Make Nearly As Much As The Men. The racial diversity on his campaign isn't so great either.
Donald Trump Demands Democratic Senator Quit In Saturday Morning Twitter Rant. "Not fair, Tester!"
Trump's Team Is Lawyering Up Like Crazy. The Russia probe is a boon to the legal profession.
Hate Trump? Just Wait Until 2020.. KEVIN BAKER: Everybody has his own golden age.
‘Quick Reaction Forces’ And The Lingering Mysteries Of The Plot Against The Capitol. The Oath Keeper “QRFs” show how things could have been a lot worse, and how much more there is to learn.
Birth Records Open For Missouri Adoptees. About half of states now allow adult adoptees to have some type of access to their original birth certificate without having
Broken Windows, Broken Spines. The 21st century has skewed off plan and begun to break open. Its self-designated guardians and explainers look on, at times, confused. "But at least 15 police officers have been hurt, 200 arrests, 144 vehicle fires -- these are statistics. There's no excuse for that kind of violence, right?"
Watch Obama Address Homicidal Gun Violence Again, And Again, And Again, And Again, And.... A version of this article was originally published on June 18, following the shooting at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston
'Fire And Fury' Legal Team Hits Back At Trump In New Statement. "My clients do not intend to cease publication, no such retraction will occur, and no apology is warranted."
New York Gov. Cuomo Orders Investigation Into Why DA Never Prosecuted Harvey Weinstein. Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance is under fire for never filing charges against the disgraced Hollywood mogul, despite evidence pointing to assault.
Senate Passed A Dumb And Dangerous Bill. Why did they rush to pass it without debate or discussion?
Thursday's Morning Email: What The Russia Revelations Mean For Jeff Sessions. Nancy Pelosi has called for Sessions to resign.
Trumpismo! and American Fascism. Serious people are now using the "f word" - fascist - to describe the Donald Trump phenomenon.
Jimmy Kimmel Can’t Soften DACA Opponents, Even With A Cute Baby. “I think that this country has become cruel," the "Jimmy Kimmel Live" host said.
Nixon Foundation Scrambles To Distance Late President From Roger Stone. Donald Trump tries to do the same thing.
Pope's Comments On Trump Not A Personal Attack, Vatican Spokesman Says. Lombardi said the pope believed people "should build bridges, not walls."
Nikki Haley Tells Conservatives To 'Turn Down The Volume,' But So Far They're Not Listening. So much for that.
Pray to Jesus -- Or Else.
Donald Trump Is Badly Trailing His Own Party In Voters' Trust. People don't want to put a host of key issues in his hands.
Republican Lawmakers Are Now Getting Their Ideas From Fox News Commercials. The gold bug is going around.
Will There Be A Rural Backlash To Affordable Care Act Repeal Efforts?. There are real consequences for people amidst the political showmanship in Washington, D.C.
Kings of the Hill: Game of Thrones. For those who follow politics like episodes of Game of Thrones, get ready for a blockbuster season when the new Congress begins this week. Cast with committee chairs who rule with the congressional equivalent of the scepter: a gavel.
Hillary Clinton Calls On United States To Accept 65,000 Syrian Refugees. The Obama administration has committed to taking in 10,000.
Florida Again Leads Nation In Soaring COVID Cases Amid Delta Fears. The state is struggling with lackluster vaccination rates, dropped health protocols and the delta variant uptick as people head indoors to escape the heat.
Trump Makes His First Big Changes To Obamacare. New rules are supposed to help the markets work better even as Trump threatens to blow them up.
ISIS: The Psychology of Our Fears. Across the world, various news sources are reporting on the terrors of ISIS. We know that they are intolerant, violent and well-organized; this last piece is perhaps the most frightening. But what is truly driving our fear of ISIS?
HUFFPOLLSTER: Most Undecided Voters Really Don't Like Donald Trump. The few remaining persuadable Americans mostly say he's not qualified to be president.
Reagan Adviser Slams Trump Rally Speech As 'Most Divisive Ever' From A President. David Gergen says Trump's message to Americans who didn't vote for him was: "I don't give a damn what you think."
Elijah Cummings' Poetic First Speech On The House Floor Goes Viral. The veteran Democrat, who died Thursday at 68, recited a poem he said he lived by during his first-ever address in the chamber.
Friday Talking Points -- Is There Anybody Out There?. You know what might help in this crisis-to-end-all-crises? Having a Surgeon General in office. President Obama nominated someone for the job last November, but his confirmation has been blocked ever since.
Dark Money Groups That Spent Millions In 2012 Vanish In 2014.
Jason Chaffetz: Kellyanne Conway Promoting Ivanka Trump's Products Was 'Unacceptable'. “It should have never happened, and they better learn this lesson very quick.”
Buildings Coast To Coast Will Light Up Pink Tonight For Planned Parenthood. The family planning provider is calling for a "day of action" against Trumpcare.
Former Florida Spa Owner Says She's Being Targeted For Being A 'Chinese Republican'. Cindy Yang said claims that she sold access to President Donald Trump were false and that she was being unfairly attacked by Democrats.
Would Bernie Sanders Veto A $12-An-Hour Minimum Wage Bill?. His staff says he won't negotiate against himself.
Trump-Endorsed Wisconsin Gubernatorial Candidate Tells Voters To Take Up Pitchforks. Tim Michels calls on supporters to go after media following Milwaukee Journal Sentinel story reporting multimillionaire's donations to anti-abortion groups.
Republicans Didn't Convince Many People That They Were Really Trying To Fix Health Care. And more of the latest polling news.
Trump's New Ambassador Finally Tells Dutch He Was Wrong About Muslim 'No-Go' Zones. Peter Hoekstra says he "mixed up countries."
Hillary Clinton Gets Boost From FBI News As Race Hits Final Day. Both Clinton and Donald Trump will spend the day racing across a handful of battleground states that could swing Tuesday’s election.
New Book Uses Crowdsourced Photos To Educate Future Generations About Ferguson. Photographers have already submitted over 5,000 images to be used for the "Chronicle Ferguson" project.
Ted Cruz Calls Out Donald Trump For Attacking 'Strong Women'. "His strategy of being a bully in particular is directed at women."
Joe Biden Tries To Tamp Down House Dems' Anger Over Deportation Raids. The raids are targeting undocumented mothers and children from Central America.
Nevada Secretary Of State Says She Has Evidence Of Voter Fraud In Presidential Election. Like President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Barbara Cegavske produced no evidence.
Fox Host Flames GOP Gov. Kristi Noem For Awful ‘Message To Illegal Immigrants’. Fox Business' Lisa Kennedy Montgomery slammed the South Dakota Republican's "call me when you're an American" tweet.
Donald Trump Responds To Utah Senator Orrin Hatch's Retirement. Mitt Romney, who called Trump "a phony" and "a fraud," could seek Hatch's seat.
Khizr Khan Asks Trump: 'Would My Son Have A Place In Your America?'. Powerful.
Trey Gowdy's Former Top Lawyer Undercuts The Benghazi Committee. The former general said he believed military officials did everything they could to save four Americans.
Donald Trump's Alaska Campaign Team Includes Convicted Felon. Former state lawmaker Tom Anderson served four years in prison for corruption.
Tim Kaine: Some FBI Employees Are 'Actively Working' To Help Trump. "This is absolutely staggering."
Polling Methods Explain Why Donald Trump’s Approval Ratings Are All Over The Place. Americans' opinions of the president probably aren't swinging around as wildly as the polling numbers are.
Trump Invites Philippines' Duterte To Washington, White House Says. The two leaders also reportedly addressed concerns over North Korea.
Leaked Details Of Obama Power Plant Plan Include Later Deadlines For States. Sources say the final plan will delay state compliance by two years but provide new incentives.
Oregon Militants Say They're Getting Worse Treatment Than Black Lives Matter Movement. "They don't get any backlash, not on the level that we're getting."
Antony Blinken Says He Believes Russia Will Invade Ukraine Imminently. “I can’t put a date or exact time on it, but everything is in place for Russia to move forward," the secretary of state said.
Will The Supreme Court Give Trump The Power To Lock You Away Indefinitely?. In the coming years, our courts are likely to see serious challenges to our constitutional protections, democratic traditions, and civil liberties.
Chris Collins Is A Good Example Of Why Americans Think Congress Is Corrupt. The New York congressman's stock pitch to colleagues "just reeks of insider trading," a watchdog says.
GOP Lawmaker Says Armed Citizens Should 'Clean Our Society Of Scum Bags'. Democrats say he's calling for a "vigilante uprising."
Harry Reid: Joni Ernst May Be Too Extreme Even For GOP.
Former RNC Chair Fires Back At Claim He Was Only Hired Because He Was Black. It was a "painfully stupid" remark, said Michael Steele.
Obama Urges Senate To Confirm Loretta Lynch As Attorney General 'Without Delay'.
Rep. John Lewis: Voting Is 'The Most Powerful Non-Violent Tool We Have'. The civil rights icon encouraged young leaders at a White House gathering to fight for social change and "get in trouble, good trouble."
Donald Trump Finally Admits His Campaign Is Racist. He's no longer pretending.
America's Epidemic Of Incivility. Trump did not accomplish this alone.
Draft Obama In 2020. It's never too soon to think about 2020. Let's figure out how to maximize the chances of defeating the Donald's re-election
House Vote Maintains Military Ability To Jail People Without Trial.
Sean Spicer: Donald Trump Will Maintain 'Healthy Skepticism' On U.S. Intel. As the president-elect continues to insult national security officials, the incoming press secretary praised him for “asking the right questions.”
Joe Biden Edges Past Bernie Sanders In National Poll. Hillary Clinton still led the Democratic field.
Why Won't Bernie Sanders Support Edward Snowden?. I'm not surprised that none of the candidates have spoken in favor of Snowden, but I just thought that if there was someone who would stand up for him, it would be Bernie Sanders.
Congrats Young Scientists, You Face The Worst Research Funding In 50 Years.
Trump Issues Order To Start Chipping Away At Obamacare. While Congress debates, the incoming president instructed a key agency to interpret rules loosely.
How Obama Is ‘Trump-Proofing’ His Climate Pact. In a roomful of oil and gas executives in North Dakota late last month, Donald Trump reiterated his threat to “cancel” the
Bernie Sanders Blasts Greece's Creditors.
Joe Biden Has Problems He Can’t Solve From His Basement. Biden’s lead has grown as Trump has dominated the news cycle, but the Democratic nominee needs coverage to increase enthusiasm for his campaign.
Are the Saudis Dragging Us Into Their Ideological War Against Iran?. The United States must come up with a strategy to deal with many Middle East developments rather than wasting time, energy and resources in senseless political bickering back home like we saw over Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit last week.
Donald Trump Is Us. Pity poor Jeff Flake. He never knew what hit him. Neither did Bob Corker. Both of them can now ‘speak openly’ because neither
Four Years After Sandy Hook, Barely Anyone Thinks We're Closer To Stopping Gun Violence. Opinions about how to address gun violence are divided along partisan lines.
Donald Trump Can Win A Feud With The Pope, But Not With George W. Bush. Some things are sacrosanct for Republicans.
U.S. Politicians Seek To Quiz British Spy Who Wrote Russian Dossier On Donald Trump. Former MI6 operative Christopher Steele likely won't travel to U.S. because of security concerns.
Despite Strong Criticism Of Trump By GOP Senators, They Mostly Fall In Line. When Ronald Reagan was elected president I literally became ill. It was unexpected as was his victory tally, but as difficult
Watch Obama Jam To Eminem And Gabby Giffords Give A Fist Bump In A Behind-The-Scenes DNC Video. It looked like a good time.
White House Says Food Stamps Don't Make You Lazy. Contrary to what you might have heard.
The Mythology Of Trump’s ‘Working Class’ Support. It’s been extremely common for news accounts to portray Donald Trump’s candidacy as a “working-class” rebellion against Republican
Political Gridlock Is an Enemy of Children. With important issues facing our nation, very little is getting done. And for our nation's children, stalemate in Congress precludes action on addressing a wide array of problems.
Billions In Federal Rental Aid Sit Unspent By Local Governments. At least 50 cities and counties still haven't sent out a single penny, according to a HuffPost analysis of Treasury data.
The House Science Committee Doesn't Seem To Understand The Concept Of Winter. Why bother NASA when you can get your climate news from Breitbart?
Russia Denies It Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump. Trump also denied the claims, found in unverified memos reported by several media outlets.
Tammy Duckworth vs. Mark Kirk: Nonpartisan Candidate Guide for 2016 Illinois Senate Race. Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide for the Tammy Duckworth vs. Mark Kirk Senate race? One that will give you an
The Structure Of Scientific Devolutions: An Open Letter From Concerned Scholars. Co-authored by Sarp Aksel MD Montefiore Medical Center, Lauren Broussard MSW, MPH DrPH(c) Columbia University, Meghan Eagen
Bernie Sanders Releases Health Plan And It's Even More Ambitious Than You Thought. The proposal comes after days of sparring with Clinton.
Under Pressure To Run Again, Rubio Focuses On Zika. Concerned about losing an important Senate seat, top Republicans are waging a not-so-subtle campaign to persuade Florida
Virginia Democrats Score A Surprising Win Against Powerful Utility Monopoly. The GOP majority was evidently unprepared.
Here Are All The Winners Of Donald Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision. There are hardly any, but there is one major loser -- our planet.
Republicans Launch Opening Salvos Against Hillary Clinton.
Trump Says He'd Try Americans At Gitmo. Which Is Illegal.. Minor details though, right?
What About Hillary Clinton's Gaffes?. Donald Trump is the post-gaffe candidate, but Clinton doesn't seem as lucky.
Trump May Go 0-3 On His Armed Services Picks. His nominees to run the Army and Navy backed out over ethics regulations. Now, his Air Force choice faces controversy.
Al Franken Lets Loose: 'I Hate Ted Cruz'. "He's a special guy," the Minnesota senator added.
White House Approves Supplying Weapons To YPG Fighters In Syria. The move comes amid fierce opposition from Turkey.
Warren Buffett Bets Big On Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump Claims His Muslim Ban Helps Christian Refugees. It Doesn't.. Advocates say the new policy will keep persecuted Christians in the Middle East and out of the U.S.
These Muslim Teens Just Went To Their First Women's March. They Could Have Led It.. "Donald Trump doesn't scare me," said 18-year-old Yasmin Seid.
The 72 days Of Transition Will Determine The First 100 Days Of The Trump Administration. There are 72 days between Election Day and the Inauguration on January 20th. These are the most important and predictive
Flynn’s Departure Leaves Trump Foreign Policy Even More Disoriented. The president's inner circle now has zero advisers with foreign affairs expertise.
Wednesday's Morning Email: How U.S.-Russia Relations Got To This Point. And what that FISA warrant for Trump adviser Carter Page means.
Paul Ryan Reveals Why Republicans Have A Big Obamacare Repeal Problem. It sounded so easy, until taking away people's insurance became real.
Chris Van Hollen Wins Maryland Democratic Senate Primary. The party's golden boy keeps rising.
Here Are Some Things You Should Probably Know About Anthony Scaramucci. The new White House communications director is now a vocal defender of the president, but he once called Trump "another hack politician."
New York City Council Votes To Make Revenge Porn Illegal. The city council passed legislation to make it illegal to share "intimate images" of someone without their consent.
Breitbart Deletes Anti-Muslim Super Bowl Tweet For Not Meeting 'Editorial Standards'. The offensive tweet suggested that Muslim-Americans want to eliminate the Super Bowl.
Jerry Brown's Big Green Inaugural Week. Governor Jerry Brown isn't much of a party animal, as his latest low-key inaugural festivities suggest, but he showed again that he does have a knack for making a set of impressions.
Former DC Guard Official Rips 'Unmitigated' Jan. 6 Lies Of Michael Flynn's Brother. Col. Earl Matthews accuses Lt. Gen. Charles Flynn and Lt. Gen. Walter Piatt of lying to Congress about what transpired the day rioters breached the Capitol.
Europe's Mayors Rise to the Challenge. Mayors around the world are coming up with new ways to tackle difficult challenges because mayors understand the needs of their communities -- and they are responsible for delivering results.
Christine Blasey Ford Polygraph Regarding Kavanaugh Assault Allegation Released. She'll appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday.
"F*ck the Police" = Let the System Off the Hook. The police we can taunt on the street are not the real problem. Their management, beholden to that fraction of "the one percent" which actually wields political power, is, as is the system they are a part of.
Rob Ford, Toronto's Controversial But Complicated Ex-Mayor, Is In Grave Condition. A fellow politician reflects on Ford's political career, which has always defied critics and expectations.
Breitbart Tried To Smear Khizr Khan, But Face-Planted. Maybe it's time Donald Trump's bootlickers moved on to something new.
Bartender Accused Of Plotting To Poison John Boehner.
HUFFPOST HILL - As If Barron's Life Weren't Strange Enough. Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!  Donald Trump
Tom Steyer Announces Decision On Senate Run. My decision about whether to engage from the outside or seek elected office came down to a single question: how best can I fight for a level playing field at this point?
The Injustice Of Mandatory Minimums.
Donald Trump And Mike Pence Have Their Own Issues With Emails And Transparency. Both men have acted to shield their own electronic communication from the public eye.
How Robert Reich Is Persuading The Country To Fight For Economic Equality. "Our economy is rigged to work great for those with money and power, while everyone else gets left behind — and Bob is doing everything he can to change that.”
Why Some People In America's Salad Bowl Are Eating Junk Food. Even in California's bountiful Central Valley, prices can put healthy fruit and vegetables out of reach.
GOP Sweetens Healthcare Bill For Conservatives By Dropping Birth Control Coverage Rule. 55 million women stand to lose contraception coverage.
Ted Cruz Mocked For His Fawning Time Magazine Tribute To Donald Trump. "One of the most humiliating things ever written."
Sunday Roundup. This week, President Obama's $3.7 billion request to deal with the border crisis stalled as lawmakers introduced a bill that purportedly aims to help young unaccompanied immigrants but actually just makes it easier to quickly deport them -- a measure Rep. Luis Gutierrez, a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, dismissed as "the deportation-only agenda dressed up in sheep's clothing." The crisis is certainly a chance to look in the mirror and decide what kind of nation we want to be: one that holds up "return to sender" signs and walks through towns with AR-15 rifles to protest the possible arrival of a few busloads of Central American children (as happened in Arizona and Michigan respectively), or one that decries "racist and xenophobic attitudes," as Pope Francis urged on Monday, and lives up to our founding principles as a nation of immigrants. Hanging in the balance isn't just which direction the children will go in, but the rest of us, as well.
Mayor Says Husband Dressed In KKK Robes As 'Halloween Prank,' But Nobody's Laughing. Worst. Joke. Ever.
B for Bigotry. Now that they've been thoroughly embarrassed by the outrage -- both national and local -- over the law, Indiana legislators will seek to "clarify" it before their session ends at the end of the month.
Blair: The Neocon's Dead End. After reading and rereading the speech, "Why the Middle East Matters," I was struck by how similar it was to the "agitprop" used by George W. Bush in the lead-up to the Iraq war.
Warren Announces Progressive Congresswomen As Campaign Co-Chairs. Reps. Ayanna Pressley, Deb Haaland and Katie Porter will serve on Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign.
Republican Congressman: GOP Needs To 'Wake Up' On Marijuana.
The Senate Is Finally Moving Emergency Funds To Fight Zika. But the House is on a completely different path.
The New Anti-Sanders Super PAC Is Funded By Anti-Clinton Donors. Their attack ad did seem suspicious.
Civil Rights Groups Sue To Block Missouri Voter ID Law. "It is beyond unacceptable that the state of Missouri has launched a photo ID requirement while not sufficiently preparing, educating voters, or funding it."
Jeb Bush: Martin O'Malley Shouldn't Apologize For Saying 'All Lives Matter'. "I mean, we're so uptight and so politically correct now you apologize for saying lives matter?"
Trump's Obamacare Sabotage Is Doing Real Damage To American Health Care. A series of blows is taking its toll.
A Lesson to Learn. Almost daily, we are faced by difficult choices we are challenged to confront over a range of foreign and domestic policy concerns. As these choices play out, I am often guided by an important lesson I learned more than four decades ago from one of my heroes in the U.S. civil rights movement, Julian Bond.
How Progressives Should Celebrate This July 4th. Despite the conventional wisdom that patriotism means "my country -- right or wrong" and is best displayed by blind flag-waving,  to many Americans patriotism means loyalty to a set of principles, and thus requires dissent and criticism when those in power violate those standards.
The Republican Party Is Off Its Twig, Bereft Of Life, Shuffled Off The Mortal Coil, Gone To Meet Its Maker. Like Monty Python’s seriously deceased parrot, the Republican Party is not pining for the fjords or shagged out after a
Allen West, Texas GOP Gubernatorial Hopeful, Has COVID-19. Allen West, who said he did not get vaccinated, and his wife Angela who did, have both tested positive for COVID-19.
'Mace Her!': Woman Accused Of Filming Capitol Attack On NYT Photographer Is Arrested. Sandra Weyer of Pennsylvania reportedly went to Washington, D.C., on Jan. 6 on a bus organized by GOP state Sen. Doug Mastriano's campaign.
Trump's Immigration Policies Have Become A Flashpoint. Americans can't decide if it's the issue he's done the worst job handling, or the best.
GOP Presidential Candidates Drift Further From Hispanics. Donald Trump, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are competing to take the hardest line on immigration.
GOP Senator Implies Those Who Aren't Millionaires Waste Money On 'Booze, Women'. That's why the richest deserve a break on estate taxes, says Chuck Grassley.
Friday's Morning Email: What We Know About The Nice Attack. 84 are dead, and over 50 children are injured.
Captain Sully's On A Mission To Save More Lives With 'Drowsy Flying' Laws. The "Miracle on the Hudson" hero joined senators pushing to close a loophole that affects cargo pilots.
Donald Trump Expected To Name Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson As Secretary Of State (UPDATE). Rex Tillerson has no government experience.
Army Halts Construction Of Dakota Access Pipeline. The "historic" decision comes as thousands of protesters gather on the Standing Rock Sioux reservation.
Southeast Asian Group Opposes Trump's Executive Order, Stands 'Proud As Refugees'. There was a time when more Americans opposed Southeast Asian refugees than currently oppose Syrians.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump Has The Lowest Favorability Of Any Recent President-Elect. His numbers have improved, but he remains the most disliked in recent history.
Ted Cruz Says Cop Helped Garland, Texas Shooters 'Meet Their Virgins'.
The Sanders Phenomenon. Responding to voters deeply felt needs, Sanders has given birth to a true progressive movement that, if understood, embraced, and, most importantly, sustained, can, as he has noted, bring revolutionary change to America. It is a phenomenon.
Anthony Weiner Would Rather Eat A Wooden Table Than Return To Congress. As for running for another office, that's more complicated ...
"I Lost Faith in God...But I'm Now Pursuing Faith in Justice": Child Sexual Abuse Survivors Lobby For Reform. Inspired by his oath of honesty when enlisting in the Navy, 21-year-old recruit Shaun Dougherty decided to be truthful about
Eric Garner: The Unseen Heart of the Violence. There is overt violence, and there is structural violence. The video of Eric Garner's death shows us an act of overt violence. The larger events which led to his death were acts of structural violence.
GOP Campaigns Plot To Revolt Against RNC Debates. Republican presidential campaigns are planning to gather in Washington, D.C., on Sunday evening to plot how to alter their
Democrats Introduce 'Mar-A-Lago Act' To Make Trump Meetings More Transparent. The bill's authors say Americans have a "right to know" who may be reaching out to the president at his private resort.
Democratic Debate Shifts Focus To Terrorism After Deadly Paris Attacks. The debate will put candidates on the spot over national security and their plans to fight the Islamic State.
Donald Trump Warns There Could Be Riots If He Isn't GOP Nominee. "I wouldn’t lead it, but I think bad things would happen."
16 Months After Killing Handcuffed Man, Nevada Still Shooting Prisoners. Nevada officers fired a live shotgun round once every 10 days between Jan. 1, 2012, and June 26, 2015.
Rand Paul Will Bless A Trump Nomination With A Heartfelt ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. Kentucky's Son Of Liberty is bound by a pledge he made, after all.
Black Voter Turnout So Far Is Not Good For Hillary Clinton. It's down in several key states.
Broken Government Website Could Hurt The Housing Market. "It’s kind of insane we run our largest insurance company this way," said a former housing official.
News Roundup for May 31, 2017. Some news to go with your morning covfefe. 1. The United States has successfully tested their anti-missile interception system
Criminalizing Immigrants Puts Them At Risk During Hurricanes And Other Disasters. By Thomas Kennedy In the midst of the tragedy that befell the people of Texas during Hurricane Harvey, I wrote an article
If Trump Really Cared About The Working Class, Puzder Never Would've Been Nominated. The president's choice for labor secretary revealed "the complete scorn Trump actually has for workers."
Wednesday's Morning Email: Trump's Latest Move Risks Fueling Unrest In Mideast. World leaders warned that the move could risk regional instability.
Trump Asks National Prayer Breakfast To Pray For 'Celebrity Apprentice'. And yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger has already shot back.
Ben Carson Suggests Some 'Lifestyles' Are More Valuable Than Others. He said "intact traditional families" are best for children, "so let's stop pretending everything is of equal value."
Time To Fire Him. Donald Trump is unfit to lead a great political party
European Union Pleads For Arkansas To Stop Execution. The EU “wishes to make an urgent humanitarian appeal," the ambassador to the U.S. wrote to Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson.
SAY IT: People Beg Trump To Clearly Denounce White Supremacy. By Sunday, White House officials clarified that he meant to do so, yet there was still no denouncement from Trump himself.
Jeff Sessions Floats Media Subpoenas As Part Of Crackdown On Leaks. "We will not allow rogue anonymous sources with security clearances to sell out our country," the attorney general said Friday.
The Art Of Finding A Theme Song For Your Presidential Campaign While Not Getting Sued.
Children Now Make Up 36% Of Tennessee’s Virus Cases. The state has reported 14,000 pediatric cases in the last seven days, a 57% increase from the previous week.
Would Patriotic Republican Senators Please Stand Up!. Let’s begin by setting our stage. On Tuesday, Trump tweeted: “So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50
HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, November 6. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Ohio Republicans Push Law To Keep All Details Of Executions Secret.
Democrats Target One Of Their Own For Remaining On Trump Voter Fraud Panel. They said he risks "tarnishing" his legacy.
NYPD Took 45 Minutes To Respond To Hate Crime, Arab-American Says.
Bernie Sanders Praises John McCain: He's 'A No Bullsh*t Guy'.
Health Insurers Fire Volley In New Battle Over The Public Option. “The big insurance lobby is spooked because the public option is back,” said one advocate for a government-run insurance plan.
Ted Kennedy's Advice For Divided Democrats 'In Dark Passages'. Author’s Note: This article is Part Two of a series of reflections on historic Democratic political speeches aimed at laying
Democrats Say They Don't Regret Making It Easier To Confirm Judges. “It wasn’t a mistake," Sen. Jeff Merkley said.
Freed Washington Post Reporter Describes Captivity In Iran. LANDSTUHL, Germany — Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post reporter freed Saturday after almost 18 months of incarceration in
GOP Congresswoman Calls On Rep. Blake Farenthold To Resign. Farenthold, a Texas Republican, reportedly settled a sexual harassment claim with taxpayer money.
Trump Complains About Diplomacy In Asia, But Hasn't Appointed An Envoy To South Korea. He has, however, named an ambassador to the Bahamas.
Convicted Domestic Abusers Will No Longer Be Able To Own Guns In New York State. Gov. Andrew Cuomo called for the legislation last year.
Lindsey Graham: House Health Care Bill Is 'Mortally Wounded'. “We’re trying to do too much too quick as Republicans," he said.
Hillary Announces.
Climate, Iraq, #BlackLivesMatter -- A Trumpless Show. While Rich disparages Obama's EPA carbon regulation as trivial, Gara sees it as part of an urgent program (with CAFÉ, Green Energy) that'll make him THE Climate President. Is #BlackLivesMatter a child of the Civil Rights '60s? Then: Jeb redefines chutzpah by blaming Obama/Clinton for W's Iraq.
Mourning And Mobilizing. We must call out the hypocrisy when elected officials offer condolences after gun violence in one breath and defend civilians' right to own weapons of war in the next. With each successive mass shooting, I have grown convinced that a massive civic crusade on the order of the civil rights movement is necessary.
Friday Talking Points [418] -- President-Shaming Might Just Work. President-Elect Donald Trump continues to assemble his Cabinet of Deplorables.
Bernie Sanders Is Running Against Hillary Clinton And Losing Against Time. The Brooklyn-born senator had a good night. But he needed something bigger in his homecoming debate.
Obama Supports Cable Box Competition And — Surprise — Cable Lobby Is Angry. President Obama today pledged support for the Federal Communications Commission effort to give cable TV customers a greater
100 Years Of Oil Wars, Border Conflicts, And Ethnic Strife That Led To President-Elect Trump. A deep dive into the historical moments leading to the Trump era.
Sanders Isn’t Doing Well With True Independents. A lot has been made of Bernie Sanders’s appeal with independent voters during the Democratic presidential primary.
Twitter Users Have Some Mocking Title Ideas For Melania Trump's Reported Memoir. "The Devil Wears MAGA," one person joked on the #TitlesForMelaniasMemoir hashtag.
Hillary Clinton Under Pressure To Repudiate General Who Called For Internment Of Islamic Radicals. Progressive and Muslim groups say she can't credibly criticize Islamophobia while maintaining a relationship with Gen. Wesley Clark.
Can It Happen Here?. We are witnessing a 21st-century style of dictatorial tyranny.
Arkansas Executes First Inmate In 12 Years. Ledell Lee died by lethal injection Thursday just minutes before his death warrant expired.
Trump's Justice Department Memo May Be Bigger Than Citizens United. Yesterday, as the news cycles were dying down, the Trump Justice Department (DOJ) dropped a bombshell brief which Bloomberg
Paul Ryan's Donald Trump Problem Isn't Going Anywhere. And it could cost him the speakership.
This Republican Once Said Helping Refugees Made Us A 'Better Nation.’ But Now He’s Done.. Kansas' governor can't actually keep refugees out of his state, but he doesn't want to help them.
Hillary Clinton Pledges Constitutional Amendment To Overturn Citizens United In Her First 30 Days. The amendment is part of a series of proposals to increase transparency in campaign funding.
U.S. Begins Enhanced Ebola Screening Program At JFK Airport.
Speedo Sinks Alaska Governor's Appointee. Amid a firestorm of gasps, giggles, and moral outrage, Alaska's Governor Bill Walker (I) has withdrawn from consideration an appointee to the Alaska Commission on Judicial Conduct. Jeff Landfield's own conduct came under scrutiny after several Facebook photos came to light.
Environmental Groups Threaten To Sue EPA Over Fracking Wastewater Rules. Coalition cites outdated rules for disposing of wastewater, which can contain carcinogens and radioactive materials.
Senator Calls For Probe Of U.S. Olympic Committee After Nassar Abuse. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) wants the Justice Department to investigate why the serial predator wasn't stopped sooner.
George H.W. Bush Probably Didn't Recognize The GOP He Saw Thursday Night. Today's Republicans reject his style of governing, even though history has been kind to it
HUFFPOLLSTER: Most Americans Agree That Basic Facts Are In Dispute In This Election. And 40 percent of voters don’t have faith in American democracy.
Marco Rubio Heckled By Immigration Protesters.
9 Truly Head-Scratching Moments From Donald Trump's Press Conference On 'Infrastructure'. The president defended attendees of the white nationalist rally in Virginia over the weekend.
Special Adviser To POTUS Says 'I Try To Stay Out Of Politics'. “I don’t have a hidden agenda. I make it very clear where I stand on an issue,” Ivanka Trump says.
Ebola Czar Rips Congress On Zika: 'The Mosquitoes Are Not Going To Wait'. Health officials say Congress is running out of time to take action against the virus.
Dick Cheney Takes George H.W. Bush Criticisms As 'Mark Of Pride'. "My family was not somehow conspiring to turn me into a tougher, hard-nosed individual. I got there all by myself."
Here's Where Donald Trump Could Take The GOP In 2016. And is it too late for the Republicans to get off the ride?
Jimmy Fallon Makes Emotional Pledge To Join Student-Led March For Gun Control. "This is a real revolution."
The RNC Should Just Call Itself The Trump National Committee Now. The party of morality and law has become the party of defending accused sexual predators and attacking law enforcement.
Hawaii Seeks Halt To Trump Travel Ban While Legal Challenge Unfolds. "Every day that passes is a day when our government is turning away human beings — from newborn children to elderly grandparents."
Paul Ryan Says Call With Donald Trump Was Good, Productive. "We had a very good and very productive phone call," Ryan told reporters.
EPA Veterans Mobilize To Defend Agency's Work, Bracing For Trump's Impact. Former employees of the Environmental Protection Agency, who typically steer clear of politics, have begun advocating to support the work in Trump's crosshairs.
Why Donald Trump Is Scarier Than Any Other Populist Politician. US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been widely dubbed a “populist politician”. Populism is an ideology which holds
Imagining The World With A Nuclear-Armed Donald Trump Is Truly Terrifying. Anybody who knows anything about nukes is unsettled by the idea of Trump having access to them.
What Advice Is Roger Ailes Giving Donald Trump About His Sexual Assault Comments?. After Ailes was ousted from Fox News over sexual harassment allegations, he quickly found a home with the Trump campaign.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump Is Pulling Ahead In Iowa, But Needs Record Turnout To Win. Trump's chances rest on getting tens of thousands of new voters to caucus.
Trump's Win Isn't All About White People: Clinton Lost Black and Brown Votes In Key States. Analysis shows higher turnout in two urban minority majority counties could have kept Michigan and Wisconsin blue.
Former Adviser Says Rick Perry's Campaign In New Hampshire Has Folded. "There is no staff in New Hampshire."
'NeverTrump' Looks to Stunt Billionaire on His Home Turf. Conservative forces working against Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in New York aren't expecting him to
HUFFPOLLSTER: Recent Surveys Don't Agree On Midterm Outlook.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Is Bernie Sanders Really Leading In New Hampshire?. Pundits weigh in on a New Hampshire survey showing Sanders ahead. Primary polls are valuable but not very reliable. And a majority of Americans agree on stricter gun access laws. This is HuffPollster for Friday, August 14, 2015.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Continues To Leave The Press And Public In The Dark. On Monday, Spicer will again answer questions from reporters in a restricted setting.
Comey Isn’t The Reason Trump Is The GOP’s Nixon Nightmare. The lesson from Watergate is that a damaged goods President is the ultimate liability for his party.
White House Staffers Worried About Trump Refusing To Step Down, Says Former Aide. "What if he loses and refuses to leave?" Olivia Troye said aides have discussed the possibility behind closed doors.
Facebook Plans To Hand Over Russia-Linked Ads To Congress. Facebook said it plans to turn over  some 3,000 ads with suspected Russian connections from the 2016 election.
Donald Trump Ordered To Pay $5.77 Million To Golf Club Members He Stiffed. The Florida business violated a contract, a federal judge ruled.
Joe Biden Didn't Hold Back During His Final Swearing-In Ceremony. He stayed on his best behavior.
Trump Is Relocating Immigration Judges To Speed Deportations. It May Not Work.. The White House says immigrants are abusing the court system, but judges may not agree.
Now My Senator Wants To Kill Me!. As if I had only been more careful, then I would have been able to avoid this seven-year battle with cancer.
Des Moines Register Endorses Marco Rubio And Hillary Clinton In Iowa Caucuses. The endorsements come nine days before the state's caucuses.
Donald Trump Is Sabotaging His Own Wall Street-Friendly Agenda. Democrats were lining up to help Trump lift bank regulations. But that was before his latest jab at "Pocahontas."
Marco Rubio Holding Out For Child Tax Credit That Actually Helps Poor People. Don't hold out hope that Rubio will kill the bill, though.
Biden Would've 'Beat The Hell Out Of' Trump In High School For His Abuse Of Women. The former vice president spoke at a University of Miami anti-sexual violence rally on Tuesday.
Trump Celebrates Earth Day By Praising Rollback Of Environmental Protections. The president's dubious logic on conservation is being called out on Twitter.
Paul Krugman Sinks Donald Trump With A Titanic Analogy About His Coronavirus Failings. “A lot more Americans are going to die,” warned the economist.
How The Des Moines Register Endorsements Could Backfire. The Des Moines Register has been endorsing candidates ahead of Iowa's presidential caucuses since 1988, but when it announces
Jared Polis Trolls Steve King Over 'Cantaloupe Calves'.
Tammy Duckworth Scorches Donald Trump As 'Five-Deferment Draft Dodger'. The senator and Iraq War veteran lambasted "Cadet Bone Spurs" Trump in a fiery speech on the Senate floor Saturday.
McCain To Hillary Clinton: 'You've Got To Move On'. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., says he understands why Hillary Clinton decided to write her campaign memoir, “What Happened,” which
Senator: 'I Can’t Let Our Country Become An Idiot Country'. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse is worried the United States can't move forward without climate reform.
GOP Leaders Still Insisting Repeal Won't Take Health Care Away From Millions. As usual, they're neglecting to mention a few key facts.
The Coverage Of Trump’s Big Dumb Body Is Fat With Stupidity. The president, it evidently needs to be said, is not a professional athlete.
Ted Cruz Says It Would Be 'Nuts' To Draft Women. “Listen, we have had enough with political correctness, especially in the military," he says.
Donald Trump In 2004: 'Nothing Matters'. It's a life philosophy that helps him cope with doing shows and thousands of people dying.
California Congressional Candidate Calls Donald Trump A 'Bully' In New Ad. Voters are already gearing up for midterm elections.
Read Live Updates From The Confirmation Hearings Of Several Trump Cabinet Picks. Up today: Mike Pompeo, Ben Carson and James Mattis.
Something to Vote FOR on November 8, 2016:          Elect 279 Candidates on Election Day and The United States Leads The World in Fighting Climate Change!.
Jon Stewart To Walk Halls Of Congress With 9/11 Responders. The former host of "The Daily Show" will ask lawmakers to extend funding to help 9/11 heroes.
Trump: 'A Lot Of Shippers' Don't Want Me To Waive The Jones Act To Help Puerto Rico. It appears he's considering an industry's profits over aid to 3.5 million Americans facing a humanitarian crisis.
U.S. Senate Backs Massive Increase In Military Spending. This sets the stage for a battle over government spending levels later this year.
Low and Unrepresentative Voter Turnout in California.
Supreme Court Hands Bush Officials Huge Victory Over Post-9/11 Detainees. The plaintiffs said they were subjected to abuses that include 23-hours-a-day solitary confinement, strip searches, sleep deprivation, and beatings.
The Strange Origins Of Trump’s Hydroxychloroquine Obsession. How a “philosopher” who tweets anti-Semitism, two bitcoin bros and right-wing media helped put an idea in the president’s head.
Feds Say Hamas Supporter Conducted Instagram Poll On Bombing Trump Tower. The FBI arrested 20-year-old Jonathan Xie, saying he donated to Hamas, lied on an application to enlist in the Army, and threatened supporters of Israel.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On April 25. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Mike Pence Is The Anti-Trump. His candidacy is based on the premise that he is beholden to no one and that he is a powerful person capable of imposing his will through sheer force of personality. This is nothing more than theater.
Remembering Beau Biden. I join the American family in mourning the death of former Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden to brain cancer. He was a joy to his loved ones, an advocate for our most vulnerable, and a Bronze Star Army Captain who fought for veterans and military families. Many politicians preach family values -- Beau Biden lived them.
Trump Protests Flood Streets Around Nation -- Again. Trump, formerly a critic of those exercising their First Amendment rights, is now a fan.
Fossil Fuel Execs Made Twice As Much As U.S. Pledged To Help Fight Climate Change Overseas. "If we don't reverse these perverse incentives, we all remain at risk."
DACA Demise Would Signal A Return Of The Know Nothings. All reasonable Americans agree that we need a rational, equitable, and enforceable immigration system. But in 1965 we replaced
Sending A Killer To Do A Diplomat’s Job. Michael D’Andrea, the man Donald Trump has put in charge of intelligence operations in Iran, invented the so-called signature strike.
Justice Dept. Asked To Probe Hillary Clinton's Email Use: Report. The U.S. Justice Department is weighing a request by two government inspectors general to open a criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email account for her work as secretary of state.
What Ted Cruz Really Stands For. Although I find Sen. Ted Cruz’s “lonely man of principle” act as tired as it is phony, I should give the devil his due. Cruz
This Week in World War I, August 1-7,1914 Part 2.
HUFFPOST HILL - Iraq Broken Despite All Our Help.
Runaways, Neglect And Abuse Cast Shadow On Massachusetts School. Since the start of 2008, police have responded to at least 440 calls for service to the school, including 126 for runaways.
HUFFPOLLSTER: More Than A Quarter Of Latino Voters Support Donald Trump In A New Poll. That seems high, but it’s actually in line with their support for past Republicans.
John Kerry Says It's Unclear Whether Iran Deal Is Within Reach.
Michelle Obama Urges Graduates To Stay Hungry.
Hic Sunt Dracones. Where United States foreign policy is concerned, we are steering into seas whose dragons may be only vaguely visible.
Roy Moore Accuser Is Suing Him For Defamation. Leigh Corfman is seeking an apology, not financial compensation.
After A Decade Without Executions, Arkansas Sets Dates To Kill 8 Inmates. The first executions are scheduled for Oct. 21.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie Vetoes Minimum Wage Hike To $15 An Hour. The legislation would have made New Jersey the third state to adopt a $15 per hour minimum wage.
How A Long-Lost Footnote Could Save The Supreme Court From Itself. The biggest voting rights case of the year may depend on a few sentences that never saw the light of day -- until now.
No One Voted To Destroy Social Security. Not a single candidate in 2016 campaigned on a promise to repeal and replace Social Security or Medicare. Anyone who did
Gardner Has Yet To Answer His Own Questions About Repealing Obamacare. U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) is now undecided on whether he’d support GOP legislation to repeal Obamacare without replacing
HUFFPOLLSTER: Weekend Polls Show Hillary Clinton Leading An Increasingly Tight Race. One big question is how much voter enthusiasm will matter.
Joe Biden Urges National Unity In Speech On Renewed ‘Cancer Moonshot’. "Cancer does not discriminate red and blue," the president said Monday. "Beating cancer is something we can do together."
Why Nixon Deserves To Live In Infamy.
How Serious Is The Threat Of A Conflict With North Korea?. I have been asked by many people over the last few days what I thought were the risks of nuclear war on the Korean Peninsula
Marco Rubio To Attend GOP Convention, Support Guy He Called A 'Con Man'. Sad!
The People Who Know How To Actually Rig An Election Say Trump Is Wrong. "The stuff he is talking about, it is ridiculous."
HUFFPOLLSTER: Even Republicans Aren't Happy With The New GOP-Led Congress.
The MIA/POW Flag No Longer Flies for POWs in Afghanistan. Nothing demonstrates how war has changed more than the fact that thousands of soldiers become prisoners of war (POW) or went missing in action (MIA) in previous conflicts whereas now, with the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, there are no American POWs.
Utah Republicans Shamelessly Invoke Tribes To Condemn Biden’s Monument Restorations. Utah's GOP delegation portrayed tribes as allies in their fight against protected national monuments, even though they petitioned for one site's creation.
GOP Congresswomen Get Cold Feet On Anti-Abortion Bill.
Barbara Boxer Tells Bob Corker It's 'Reckless' And 'Irresponsible' To Vote Now On Iran Bill.
Senate Permits $1.15 Billion Arms Sale To Saudi Arabia. The sale had become a flashpoint in the debate over the decades-long alliance between the Kingdom and the U.S.
New Ad Shows Texas Gov Is Far From Only Republican To Make Offensive Comments About Rape. The montage history of horrific GOP statements, seen hundreds of thousands of times on Twitter, shows Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has plenty of company.
Will CNN Ask About Black Lives Matter In The First Democratic Debate?. Because during the GOP debate, it dropped the ball.
This Phrase From The VP Debate Sums Up One Of The Biggest Problems With Politics Today. 😔
Right-Wing Troll Milo Yiannopoulos Inspires Free Speech Bill. The so-called Milo Bill would protect “stifled” conservatives at Tennessee colleges.
Biden 'Confident' Build Back Better Will Be Passed 'Within A Week'. The president predicted quick action on the massive domestic policy bill.
Watch Secret Service Jump To Shield The Donald At Another Non-Violent Trump Rally. "I was ready for 'em, but it's much easier if the cops do it, don't we agree?"
Donald Trump's Presidency Is Unraveling. Donald Trump’s biography as of November 7, 2016 would’ve included the following: sued by the U.S. Justice Department for
Young Democrats Prefer Bernie Sanders, New Poll Finds. Many liberal millennials are feeling the Bern -- and burned by the American dream.
Jeb Bush Says He'll Offer Black Voters More Than Just 'Free Stuff'. Shades of Mitt Romney.
These Candidates Haven’t Given Up On Iowa, But It's Definitely Given Up On Them. Rick Santorum just can't take a hint.
Friday's Morning Email: Top Intelligence Officials Detail Russian Election Meddling. TOP STORIES TALK OF RUSSIAN MEDDLING HEATS UP ON THE HILL A coalition of top intelligence officers reiterated on Thursday
Conservatives Promote Giant Conference With Ad Depicting Gardner As A 'CONFIRMED' Speaker. The Western Conservative Summit bills itself as the “largest gathering of conservatives outside of Washington, D.C.,”  drawing
12 Things To Watch In The New Hampshire Primary. More snow, less corn.
Hillary Clinton Wins Massachusetts' Democratic Primary. Clinton was endorsed by most of the state's political establishment.
This Is What’s Really Behind Sessions’ Phony War On Violent Crime. He simply echoes Trump's pledge that police must be defended, protected and insulated from any pesky abuse lawsuits at all costs.
Basket Of Adorables: Critics Cheer As Trump Blocks Them On Twitter. President-elect doesn't want to read your snarky quips.
James Comey Defends FBI, Says History Will Catch Up To 'Weasels And Liars'. "Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy," the ex-FBI director said.
Developing: LGBT Equal Rights Measure On The Ropes In Houston. Early voting results show Houston's equal rights ordinance failing by a wide margin, with 62.5 percent of voters opting to
Al Gore Revives Climate Summit The CDC Abruptly Canceled. “They tried to cancel this conference but it is going forward anyway,” Gore said.
Ted Cruz On Islamic State Militants: 'Take Them Out'.
Dear College-Educated White Women: Surprise! You Are Oppressed. Last week, Donald Trump won the electoral (but not popular!) vote to become our country’s 45th president. Even after The
Donald Trump Still Sure He's 'The Least Racist Person You’ve Ever Met'. He didn't even try to answer the question about sexism.
Obama Reveals What He Loves Most About Being President.
A Supermoon And Memories Of Two Doomsday Films In The Time Of Trump. Can we trust the police? Friends who voted for a racist? Our government? Our president-to-be? Our own family members? Can we tell if that new neighbor at our Thanksgiving table has the equivalent of a mark on his neck? Should we even try to find out?
Rubio Questions Legitimacy Of Terror Watch Lists. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) says a "majority" of people on the no-fly list may be on the list in error.
She's The Best Answer To Donald Trump You Never Heard Of. Angry? Worried? Disillusioned? Heather Booth wants you.
Sam Nunberg Says He Complied With Subpoena After All, Wanted To ‘Do Something Memorable’. "I wasn't drunk," the former Trump campaign aide insisted.
AARP Health Care Ads To Target Key Republican Senators. The seniors group is spending over $1 million.
Trump Congratulates Texas Governor On Harvey Recovery So Far. The president said he saw "a lot of happiness" in a Houston shelter.
Chicago Teachers Just Avert Strike That Would Impact Hundreds Of Thousands Of Students. The teachers, who've worked without a contract since June 2015,  still have to vote on the tentative deal.
Republicans Admit That CEOs And Donors Really Need The Tax Cut Bill To Pass -- Or Else. “The most excited group out there are big CEOs," said Gary Cohn.
Senator 'Alarmed' By Reports U.S. Military Families Were Harassed. He said he's monitoring the situation.
Putting A Pin In Fighting About Pins. I don’t want to subscribe to a debate that begins by judging someone based on one's appearance.
Mitt Romney Has A Huge New Conflict-Of-Interest Problem.
Trump Plans Likely To Aggravate U.S. Inequality: Nobel Winner Deaton. Restoring stronger economic growth by encouraging more innovation would help reduce anger among many people who feel left behind, he said.
William Barr Resigns After DOJ Throws Cold Water On Voter Fraud Claims. The attorney general had said there was a lack of evidence of any widespread voter fraud in the presidential election, breaking with Donald Trump.
Federal Judge Says Alabama Doesn't Have To Tell Felons They May Now Be Able To Vote. Voting advocates say a recent change in state law is likely to cause confusion.
No, Education Isn't Enough to Get You Out of the Ghetto. Over 73 million adults have a college degree in this country, but less than 2 million of them are members of the One Percent. Most earn less than a fifth of what they'd need to qualify for the One Percent.
Ex-Bush Aide Peter Wehner Tells Evangelicals What Trump Really Thinks Of Them. Wehner warns that evangelicals will pay a huge price for their blind loyalty to the president.
Here's Why Democrats Are Not Storming The Gates, Demanding Impeachment. Because they don't want to screw it up -- and take the country down with President Trump.
How Democrats Should Solve Their Superdelegate Problem. In December, the members of the Democrats’ “Unity Reform Commission” will make their recommendations to the Democratic Party
Donald Trump Stands A Real Chance Of Being The Biggest Loser In Modern Elections. The magic number is 37.4 percent -- and some polls show him below that.
Donald Trump Is Really Upset Mike Pence Got Booed At 'Hamilton'. He said Pence was "harassed."
Ahmed Mohamed Withdraws From School Where He Was Arrested For Homemade Clock. Ahmed's siblings are also leaving the school.
Undocumented And In Need Of An Abortion In Texas' Rio Grande Valley. Under S.B. 8, a radical anti-abortion law, undocumented folks are “either forced into parenthood or risking deportation," advocates say.
Here's How Much Betsy DeVos And Her Family Spent To Back The GOP Senators Who Confirmed Her. It's very good to be a donor.
Philly's Progressive DA Vows To Trade Jails For Schools In Emotional Swearing-In Speech. Larry Krasner says he's "nothing more than a technician" of the movement for criminal justice reform.
15 Remarks Donald Trump Found Less Offensive Than Anthony Scaramucci's Meltdown. Warning: Some of these comments are NSFW (unless you're the president).
Dr. Anthony Fauci Dismantles Joe Rogan's False And Selfish Vaccination Advice. The podcaster's view of vaccines is OK "if you want to only worry about yourself and not society," the government's top infectious diseases expert said.
LOOK: The First Same-Sex Weddings In Florida.
The Snowden Effect. For well over half a century the U.S. has depended on its Intelligence Community as the first line of defense in meeting
Kristol Eyes Conservative Lawyer for Independent Presidential Run. Bill Kristol is considering recruiting David French to run against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, two Republicans tell
DOJ Says It Will Take Deportation Relief To Supreme Court. It needs to move fast to appeal a circuit court's latest ruling.
Donald Trump Campaign, Republican Groups Targeted By Hackers: Report. The report follows the hack of Democrat groups.
Cold Anger in Restless Times: The Growing Movement for Racial and Social Justice. We need a bold inter-racial movement to demand social justice for all of America's sons and daughters. That movement is already underway.
Paul Ryan Doesn't Think He'll Have To Denounce Donald Trump. He seems to be holding out hope that Trump won't be the nominee.
Iowa Supreme Court Strikes Down Telemedicine Abortion Ban.
U.S. Killed Up To 116 Civilians In Drone Strikes Outside War Zones, White House Says. The total is far lower than estimates by non-governmental organizations.
FBI Has 'Grave Concerns' On Republican-Authored FISA Memo Trump Wants Released. The bureau says the memo Republicans have used to undermine Mueller has “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo’s accuracy."
Military Control Of The Civilian: It's Opposite Day In America. You don’t hire generals to rein in a civilian leader, or at least you shouldn’t if you care to keep a semblance of democracy in America.
Scott Pruitt Uses Multiple 'Secret' Email Accounts, Senators Say. Democratic senators wonder if the embattled EPA chief is using the email scheme to duck open-records laws.
Disturbed By Current Politics? Here's How To Get Involved. A lot of us are looking for ways to get involved; we just don't know what to do. The important thing to know is that we are not helpless. However, we must work together to make change.
Health Care Politics Hurt Clinton For Years, Then Saved Her In Iowa. Sanders' call for a single-payer government system did him in, after Clinton homed in on it.
Trump Talks A Good Game On Guns, But He Hasn’t Actually Pushed For Any Action. And now maybe he’s backtracking, just like he did on the failed immigration bill.
Obama: Regardless Of Who They Love, All People Deserve To Live Free Of Discrimination.
Trump Administration To Cities And States: “The Bigger The Thing You Privatize, The More Money We’ll Give You.”. Trump’s long-promised $1 trillion investment in America’s infrastructure turned out to be stealth privatization after all
How To Combat Both Wasted Food And Wasted Opportunities In The Next Farm Bill. Ready your tractors and plows—the farm bill is upon us. This omnibus package of legislation, reauthorized every 5 to 7 years
Donald Trump Avoids Blaming Russia After Intel Briefing. But the president-elect said the meeting was "constructive."
Pelosi Says Trump DOJ’s Secret Data Seizures Go ‘Beyond Richard Nixon’. The House speaker insisted that former Attorneys General Jeff Sessions and William Barr testify before Congress about the subpoenas and gag orders.
Steve Bannon Tells Sen. Bob Corker To Resign For Insulting Trump. Corker's rebuke of the president is "totally unacceptable in a time of war," the former White House chief strategist says.
Senators Unveil Bipartisan Bill To Impose New Sanctions On Russia. The legislation would address Moscow's alleged hacking -- and its actions in Ukraine and Syria, too.
Heartwarming Kasich Video Reminds Us Politicians Are Actually Human. A young supporter gets a hug for all the right reasons.
Watch Obama Eat Bloody Salmon Chewed On By A Wild Bear. "That's tasty."
Trump Meeting With Business Partner. Days after refusing to put his assets into a blind trust, the president-elect is meeting with the billionaire co-owner of two of his buildings.
Trump Likens Impeachment Inquiry To 'A Lynching' In Twitter Outburst. The president also suggested that Democrats are carrying out the investigation “without due process or fairness or any legal rights.”
The DCCC Is Jumping In And The Special Election In Montana Is About To Get A Ton More Attention. Democrats are making a six-figure investment into the Montana state party.
Jeb Bush Tax Returns Reveal Almost Nothing About His Wall Street Connections.
Trump Decides Climate Change Is No Longer A National Security Threat. The move contradicts the military’s own assessments going back to 1990.
Lesson for the Kochs: Credibility Is Everything, and You've Got None. Charles thinks he's the right person to tell us how to fix our economy, but he and his brother have exactly zero credibility to say we should be happy living the Koch brothers' version of the American dream (for people not named "Koch"): working in low-wage jobs with no benefits while wearing a smile. And here's why.
Chelsea Clinton Confirms She's Not Running For Public Office Right Now. "I’ve been asked this question a lot throughout my life, and the answer has never changed."
More Than 100 Baltimore Protesters Released From Custody.
'New Hampshire' Episode 5: Is The Primary Dead?. We're about to find out.
Donald Trump's Surrogates Are Almost As Much Of A Problem As He Is. And no one understands why they continue to be part of the campaign.
Florida Attorney General To Anti-Clinton RNC Crowd: 'Lock Her Up'. The angry chant continues.
Gorelick Steps Back, But Her Task Remains Troubling. Ten days before Donald Trump was inaugurated, Republic Report wrote about Jamie Gorelick, the Democratic power lawyer and
Fewer Believe Brett Kavanaugh Than His Accuser, Poll Finds. But most Americans say they haven't changed their minds about his confirmation.
Sarah Palin Endorses Joe Miller For Alaska Senate.
Harvey Weinstein's Audio Is The Horrifying Sequel To Trump's 'Access Hollywood' Tape. “When you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.”
The Achievement Gap In High School Graduation Rates Appears To Be Narrowing.
Turkish President: Trump's Muslim Ban Not 'Remotely Possible'. But he would not say if he prefers Hillary Clinton.
Trump Tax Plan To Rely On Future U.S. Growth To Fund Cuts: Officials. Trickle-down is back!
Trump Dismisses Possible Facebook Plot Because 'I'm One Of Their Great Stars'. He was responding to a report that Facebook employees considered asking their CEO whether they should try to prevent a Trump presidency.
Ethics Office Says Conway Should Have Been Disciplined For Plugging Trump Products. "Disciplinary action serves to deter future misconduct," the Office of Government Ethics director wrote. Conway promised not to do it again.
Roy Moore's Son Has a Murky Employment Situation With His Dad's Foundation. Caleb Moore's resume boasts an impressive position at the Foundation for Moral Law. But the organization insists he doesn't work there, although he has been paid in the past.
100 House Democrats Urge Full Congressional Briefing On Muslim Ban By Friday. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly visited Capitol Hill Tuesday but tensions are still high.
Hillary Clinton Earns Backing Of Nation's Largest Union. Some of the union members aren't that happy with the endorsement.
Trump's Campaign Manager Says He'll Channel 'Law And Order' Richard Nixon. Paul Manafort says this is no time for “happy talk."
Pretend Journalist Tucker Carlson Calls Real Journalists 'Cowards'. The Fox News performer-slash-pundit said that U.S. journalists are "cringing animals."
Supreme Court Allows Watered-Down Travel Ban To Take Effect For Now. The ban is one of the president's most controversial campaign promises.
The Real Comey Effect May Be Denying Dems The Senate. Hillary Clinton is surviving the FBI's gyrations over her email, but down-ballot Democrats are hurting.
What The Republican ACA Sabotage Means For You. T.S. Eliot in his poem “The Wasteland” called April the cruelest month. For American health care consumers, the cruelest
Exclusion Of Hillary Clinton From List Of Women's March Honorees Is Shameful. Surprise! That woman is Hillary Rodham Clinton, and the election she ‘lost’ and subsequent inauguration of the demagogue
Biden Pledges To Double U.S. Climate Aid. It’s Still A Fraction Of What’s Needed.. Even if the president persuades Congress to fund his proposal, it'll still be less per year than what the U.S. spends on a single aircraft carrier.
Christine Blasey Ford Attorneys Call FBI Kavanaugh Probe A 'Stain' On 'American Ideal Of Justice'. Dr. Ford's lawyers blasted the bureau for failing to interview their client and several other witnesses about allegations surrounding Brett Kavanaugh.
Free Authoritative Journalism Must Be Upheld In Iraq. Many journalists lost their lives as they pursued their noble profession that often placed them in harm's way every time their reporting caused some discomfort for a political or militant group.
Trump’s War On Truth. He is trying to destroy the credibility of everybody who can hold him accountable.
Steve Bannon Tries To Mend Ties With Trump, After Trump All But Erases Him. In his first comments since the White House distanced itself from him Wednesday, Trump's former chief strategist said he supports the president "day in and day out."
Joe Biden On The One Word That Defines America. “We never bend, we never break, we always endure, we always overcome, we always move forward," the vice president said.
Donald Trump Growing The Case To Impeach. In Washington DC, the country is at a state of unease due to the fact that a higher percentage of Americans think President
Ferguson Demonstrators To March 120 Miles To Missouri State Capital.
Eric Garner's Daughter, An Advocate Against Police Brutality, Is In A Coma. Erica Garner was hospitalized after a heart attack.
Bernie Sanders Projected To Win Montana Democratic Primary. But his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton's overall lead appears insurmountable.
Why Trump's Census Change Could Hit Asian-Americans Especially Hard. One in five Asian-Americans live in hard-to-count census areas due to high rates of poverty, unemployment and educational attainment, among other factors.
The Agencies Key To Trump's Immigration Agenda Keep A Lot Of Secrets. Getting responses through the Freedom Of Information Act can be a serious challenge.
Vermont Is The Nation’s Fourth State To Pass An Automatic Registration Law. Up to 50,000 new voters could be added to the rolls.
2 GOP Senators Demanded A Better Health Care Process -- Then Voted The Opposite Way. John McCain and Lisa Murkowski agreed to disagree.
DEA Employee, Contractor Husband Admit To Faking Kidnapping Plot.
House Republicans Pass Tax Bill. No one seemed to care that the bill isn't particularly popular.
Justice Gorsuch, Stand With Employers Who Respect The Law. The upcoming Supreme Court case will decide whether big corporations can use arbitration clauses to take away workers’ rights to band together to challenge employer wrongdoing in court.
Why We Should All Watch the Video of the Pilot's Fiery Death. ISIS has no monopoly on cruelty or immolation. On the contrary, it has exploited for its own ends the shock value of something used for centuries to punish and terrify heretics and African-Americans, and lately used by desperate dissidents around the world upon themselves.
Dear So-Called President Trump: Where's My Protest Paycheck?. I must have forgotten to pick it up.
Disturbing Video Shows Actual Things People Say At Trump Rallies. It reveals the prejudice and rage at these gatherings, which often go unseen.
Donald Trump's Aggressive Ignorance Explored. A recent story in Politico reported the following: A source familiar with [Donald] Trump’s thinking explained that the billionaire
Larry Kudlow 'Leaning' Toward Senate Run In Connecticut. "I'm not ready to make an announcement."
Tennessee Lawmakers Vote To Ban Abortion At 20 Weeks. The state's attorney general called the bill "constitutionally suspect."
Jan Brewer Criticizes Mitt Romney's Attack On Donald Trump. "I wonder why we as Republicans want to always eat our own."
New York Had The Second Lowest Voter Turnout So Far This Election Season. When you are only beating Louisiana, something is very wrong.
Federal Prosecutors Recommend Substantial Prison Sentence For Michael Cohen. But special counsel Robert Mueller says Donald Trump's former lawyer is providing the investigation with credible information.
War: What Is it Good For?. Mother, mother, mother, he wailed and I cried too. What child should lose his legs because Presidents blew  their moral responsibility to solve our differences?
Activists Rally Behind Pope's Message On Climate, The Poor. "God is using Pope Francis to prod our consciousness."
Trump’s Blindness Toward Slavery, Jim Crow. Our society continues to be plagued by the legacy of slavery. What Donald Trump has prescribed will only exacerbate the tensions.
'Prince Of Pot' Spends Last 4/20 In Prison.
John Kasich Compares Federal Debt To A Burning Rome, Says Republicans Share Blame.
Donald Trump Had Been Hinting At Bad Blood With James Comey. "It's not too late," Trump said in April of his ability to fire Comey.
North Carolina Governor Says He'll Issue Executive Order For Full LGBTQ Rights. Gov. Roy Cooper (D) promises to "keep working every day" for LGBTQ rights.
Trump Would Dismantle Most Of Dodd-Frank, Meet With North Korea If President. He also wants to renegotiate the Paris climate accord.
Melania Trump's Speech Gets Rave Reviews From At Least One Viewer: Dennis Kucinich. She conveyed "grace" and doesn't deserve attacks over plagiarism, said the former Democratic congressman.
What Ever Happened to Antitrust?. Conservatives rhapsodize about the "free market" and condemn government intrusion. Yet the market is rigged. And unless government unrigs it through bold antitrust action to restore competition, the upward distributions hidden inside the "free market" will become even larger.
Arizona High School Students Walk Out In Protest Of Donald Trump And Joe Arpaio. Both take a hard anti-immigration stance and want to build a wall along the southern border.
Tell Congress To Protect The Internet On The Day Of Action. The fight over protecting the Internet has only gotten more intense after the Inauguration of Donald Trump and appointment
Stormy Daniels Suing Trump Over Nondisclosure Agreement. The suit claims Trump himself never signed a "hush agreement."
How Kellyanne Conway Won Her Debate With CNN’s Brian Stelter — Despite Being Wrong About Everything. Oh oh. Just seconds in, and Stelter’s losing already. How do we know? Let’s count the ways. 1. Kelly is being shot straight
What Happened To GOP's Deep Bench Of Governors?. Following the Republican losses in the 2012 election, a party-commissioned “autopsy” concluded that “Republican governors
Airbnb's Opaque City Tax Schemes Are Facing Fresh Scrutiny. Does the $30 billion startup, accused of covering up illegal hotels in New York, have something to hide?
How Elizabeth Warren's Own Book Makes The Case She Should Run For President.
Donald Trump Accidentally Reveals He's Just Another Big-Government Liberal. He cited education policy as a key function of the federal government. But he also wants to get rid of the Department of Education. Oops.
Obama Criticizes Congress For Only Approving Short-Term Highway Fix. "I guarantee you this is not how China, Germany, other big powerful countries around the world handle their infrastructure."
Judge Won't Block Georgia Ban On Bringing Food, Water To Voters In Line. Voting rights groups are dismayed about a ruling that upholds a ban on giving drinks and snacks to people waiting to vote.
GOP Congressman Says He Won't Back Donald Trump In The General Election. "Trump is a bully, unworthy of our nomination."
Homeland Security Chief Tells Trump He Can Use Saber 'On The Press'. John Kelly was caught on a hot mic joking about how the president could deal with the media.
Arizona GOP's Trump Painting Reminds Twitter Users Of Famous Traitor Benedict Arnold. The state's Republican Party probably never pictured the response this portrait has generated.
How Habitat For Humanity Went To Brooklyn And Poor Families Lost Their Homes. The charity paid millions in federal stimulus funds to developers shortly after longtime tenants were pushed out. “We are
Iraqi Interpreter For U.S. Army Detained At JFK: 'America Is The Land Of Freedom'. Maybe we shouldn't let him down.
How Hating Hillary Clinton Became Cool. Clinton's unpopularity is a big problem and her email controversy helps recycle a quarter-century of anti-Clinton drama.
Retired 4-Star General: 'Simply Outrageous' That Jared Kushner Represents America. “This is the personalization of a family business dealing with U.S. policy," said Barry McCaffrey.
Vote For This Democrat, Prevent Insurance Execs From Throwing Dance Parties.
Read The Latest Updates From The Democratic Debate. Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are facing off in Wisconsin.
The Trump Resistance And America's Institutional Legitimacy Problem. The dangers presented by the Trump administration are rapidly testing America's capacity for an inclusive opposition movement.
Chris Murphy Dedicates Day To Acts Of Kindness To Honor Newtown Victims.
Salma Hayek Rips Donald Trump: 'He Has Never Done Anything For America'. The Mexican-American actress had some harsh words for the Republican nominee.
Meet The Lonely Republicans Who Care About Climate Change. The "eco-right" is struggling to figure out its place in Donald Trump's Republican Party.
Carly Fiorina Quips To Dog: 'President Obama Ate One Of Your Cousins'. Uh, what?
Hillary Clinton VP Pick Likely To Be Tim Kaine. Kaine is viewed as a safer choice, and not a favorite among progressives.
Conservative Media Throw Virginia GOP Candidate Under The Bus After Election Loss. Ed Gillespie is a "Republican swamp thing" who should have relied more on President Donald Trump, they say.
Democrats Grapple With Calling On Trump To Resign. "Let’s not play games," one senator said. "There’s nothing you can do to shame him into resigning."
How Colorado Towns Have Diverged On Marijuana Legalization.
Kris Kobach's Expert Won't Support Claim That Trump Really Won The Popular Vote. Kobach is trying -- with little success -- to make the case that noncitizen voters can sway elections.
Ryan Zinke Looks To Reel Back Some Critics With 'Grand Pivot' To Conservation. The interior secretary attempts damage control with hunting and fishing groups that didn’t like his fossil fuel focus.
As The Mayor Of Pittsburgh, Trump's Decision Is Disastrous For My City. Fighting for the Paris accords is my duty.
Pence Aide Predicts Pelosi Will `Yield' On Impeachment Delay. “If her case is so air-tight ... why does she need more witnesses to make her case?’’
It's Spring And 3 Big Trump Protests Want You To Come Out. Here's the marching schedule for April.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Says Bill Clinton Should've Resigned Over Lewinsky Scandal. The New York Democrat said the former president would've had to step down if the revelations occurred today.
Rudy's America. Obama's not like you and me.
Idaho Republican Representative Says 'No One Dies' From Lack Of Health Care. After the passage of the Affordable Health Care Act in the House of Representatives, the Republicans will have to face massively
Al Franken Deserved Better Than A Political Execution Without A Trial. Senator Al Franken announced his resignation yesterday amidst accusations of inappropriately touching multiple women after
Pete Buttigieg Is Disclosing His Bundlers. What About The Other 2020 Candidates?. Every major Democratic candidate from 2000 to 2016 disclosed top fundraisers. This year’s top candidates haven’t.
The Supreme Court Threw A Big Wrench In The Future Of Obama's Climate Legacy. And the EPA's own overconfidence may have played a role.
U.S. Global Leadership. The bottom line is that for its own well being, the United States needs to lead the world to a more stable and sustainable situation that does indeed embody the universal ideals it has long promoted.
Lindsey Graham Calls John Kerry 'Delusional'.
The Warrant That Rocked The Election Is Legal Garbage, Experts Say. The warrant assumes that the mere existence of emails from or to Hillary Clinton is probable cause that a crime occurred.
Top House Republican Threatens To Subpoena Trump DOJ Official Over Census Citizenship Request. “He’s coming to talk, at some point or another, whether he wants to or not," said Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.).
Bernie Sanders Says This Puerto Rico Rescue Package Would Just Make Things Worse. The House has proposed a Washington-based oversight board, and Sanders has taken a stronger stance against it than most Democrats.
Dennis Rodman Tries To School West Point Cadets On Kim Jong Un. "To me, Kim is just a normal guy," he told an alternative diplomacy panel at the military academy.
New York Regulator Asks Deutsche Bank, Others About Kushner Loans. The regulator also asked for information related to other family members.
Experts Believe Prosecutors Are Mulling 'Little RICO' Mob Law Against Trump Org: Report. Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance Jr. may be looking at Donald Trump's business as a possible criminal enterprise.
Sean Spicer, With Straight Face, Says Trump Is ‘Committed To Empowering Women’. 😂
Bros in Need - President Obama and Prime Minister Cameron. The East Room News Conference between the leaders of the United States and the United Kingdom was one of the most important and somber I have attended in over 47 years of reporting. It dramatized the major threats facing the world in this era of fanatical terrorism.
Trump's State Of The Union Victory Lap On ISIS Is Garbage. The president maintains he didn't just build on Obama's strategy. Don't fall for it.
Trump Says Infrastructure Overhaul Will Likely Have To Wait Until After Midterms. It’s an admission rooted in political reality and the congressional calendar.
Hillary Clinton Calls Out Debate Moderators For Ignoring Women's Health. There have been nine Democratic debates so far, and "not one question" about reproductive rights.
The U.K. Thinks It's 'Illogical' That It Isn't Bombing ISIS In Syria Yet. Britain is currently only launching strikes against the group in Iraq.
The Red-State Teacher Revolt Has Been Brewing For Decades. Walkouts nearly 30 years ago spurred investment and optimism in education, but anti-tax ideology eventually won out. Now kids are paying the price.
Our Values Do Not Change Under Trump. Many people are scared about the potential impacts of a Trump presidency. I and the leaders in my community issued this statement
Rick Perry Won't Back Away From Obama Border Conspiracy Theory.
Meghan McCain: Pete Davidson Doesn't Have Right To Mock Veterans. "The View" co-host speculated Davidson went after eyepatch-wearing candidate Dan Crenshaw because he's a Republican.
Leaked Emails Appear To Show A Top Trump Fundraiser Abusing His Power. The messages suggest that Elliott Broidy tried to use his influence with the Trump administration for personal gain.
Americans Are Divided On The Best Way To Keep The Country Safe. Concerns about terrorism have risen over the past few years.
GOP Congressman Tells Man To 'Shut Up' During Town Hall. “What is this? You don’t tell anyone to shut up. You work for us,” a man in the audience replied.
Ferguson: An Elegy.
Speaker At Roy Moore Rally Tells Bizarre Story About Accidental Brothel Visit. The Vietnam incident ended up showing Moore as "morally straight," a former fellow soldier says.
Beware Of The Average White Man. I am afraid of the truth about being male.
Trump Approvingly Plugs Blog That Called His Travel Ban 'Incompetent Malevolence'. The president watches cable news, but he doesn't seem to have read the legal blog he cited.
Vacant Walmart May House Children of Illegal Immigrants. In a stunning news release from Congressman Chris Collins (NY-27) today, it was revealed a vacant Walmart in an upstate New York suburb is being considered by the federal government to house children of illegal immigrants.
Killer Mike: 'Uterus' Comment Was Taken Out Of Context. His full comments show he was quoting a female activist.
ACLU Issues Travel Warning For Texas Amid New Immigration Law. Travelers could encounter "widespread racial profiling" in the Lone Star State, the alert says.
The Window Is Open To Pass Comprehensive Immigration Reform. The dramatic humanitarian nature of children rushing to the U.S. border has catapulted the issue of immigration back on the national agenda.
Democrats Ramp Up Ethics Attack On Trump's Top Health Pick. Democratic Rep. Louise Slaughter (N.Y.) wants the feds to investigate Tom Price's trades in health care companies.
Trump Announces Paris Accord Decision With ... Is That Jazz Music?. Striking a bad note.
Climate Activists Call For Greater Diversity Of Voices At The Table In Paris. “It’s time to get out of this negotiation rhetoric and focus on solutions, otherwise, in a hundred years, we’ll all be dead.”
Donald Trump Breaks Silence On Roy Moore Allegations. “We don’t need a liberal person in there,” the president said, referring to Moore’s Democratic challenger Doug Jones.
Iran Decries Supreme Court Ruling In Favor Of Terror Victims As 'Theft'. The U.S. says that the decision bears "no relation" to the future of the nuclear agreement with the Islamic republic.
California Orders Farmers To Stop Pumping Water. Water wars in California ramp up as record drought presses on.
Paul Ryan Officially Enters Race For Speaker Of The House. "I am ready and eager to be our speaker."
Trump's Legal Apologists Advocate Autocracy. Faced with Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe, President Trump’s enablers strive to place him beyond the rule of law
'Deferential' Kellyanne Conway Says Her Gender Helps With Donald Trump. "He is my boss and my elder," says the president's counselor.
Wearing Unearned Military Medals Is Free Speech Right: U.S. Court. The appeals court's decision overturns an Idaho man's conviction for violating the Stolen Valor Act.
Jason Carter Defeated In Georgia Gubernatorial Race.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On June 10. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Fixating On Trump's Impeachment Is Counterproductive. Even if Trump is impeached, the battle is won but not the war.
What We'd Ask The GOP Candidates In A Debate. We'll ask the questions around here, if you don't mind.
Ted Cruz Launches New Snapchat Account At The Johnson Space Center. The senator's official account went live Monday.
Obama Administration Asks Supreme Court To Revisit Deadlocked Immigration Case. A new filing seeks a rehearing on Obama's executive actions "before a full" bench of nine justices.
Male Pundits To Hillary Clinton: Quiet Down And Smile More. How about you stop doing this.
What It Would Take For Paul Ryan To Run. Paul Ryan has made it abundantly clear he does not want to be speaker of the House. He enjoys the wonkery that comes with
Colin Powell Has No Plans To Endorse Or Speak At Either Convention. “He may or may not endorse a candidate over the coming months."
Nebraska Lawmaker Resigns After Offensive Women's March Tweet, Cybersex On State Computer. He suggested women at the march weren't attractive enough to be sexually assaulted.
The Deadly War On Drugs, Waged By Your Local SWAT Team. The New York Times recently delivered an extraordinary investigative journalism report depicting how our country’s continued
Donald Trump Descends Into Steak-Fueled Madness. He compared himself to Abe Lincoln in a press conference after winning the Michigan and Mississippi primaries.
My Parents Were Undocumented Immigrants. But You Haven't Heard Their Story.. My parents were pursuing the American dream, even though it seemed to evade them at every turn.
Donald Trump Tells RNC: Reform Rules Or Face 'Rough' July Convention. "You’d better get going, and you’d better straighten out the system, because the people want their vote."
Rand Paul Slams Donald Trump For Refusing To Rule Out An Independent Presidential Run. It was a battle from the start.
Police Officer Assigned To Guard NYC Mayor Shot With Pellet Gun. Police say the mayor was not home at the time.
Bernie Sanders Doesn't Support Reparations. Why Is That So Surprising?. The answer says as much about the state of American politics as it does about Sanders.
Politician's DNA Connected To Las Vegas Journalist’s Murder, Police Say. Clark County Public Administrator Robert Telles was arrested in the fatal stabbing of Jeff German, who had been investigating his office.
Scenes From The AFSCME Forum On Public Service. See images from the Democratic presidential forum and go behind the scenes as candidates appeared at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Airbnb Just Suffered A Major Loss In New York. The state just made it illegal to advertise your apartment on Airbnb for less than 30 days.
Capitol Police Request That National Guard Extend Stay In Washington By 60 Days. The request, reported by multiple outlets, comes amid heightened security in response to a another potential extremist plot to attack the Capitol complex.
Time for an Arab NATO?. Arabs should take the lead on fighting terrorism in the Arab world. Only Arabs can secure Arab lands and people for peace and prosperity. In order for this peace to happen, four key actions must be taken.
Chuck Schumer Channels LBJ For A Dealmaking Day. Trump handed him a gift, but the Democrats' workaholic-in-chief had earned it.
This U.S. District Could 'Demolish The Glass Ceiling' In November With First All-Female Ticket. Voters in Nevada could elect all women in November, from the presidency down to state Assembly.
Supreme Court Rules To Allow Challenges To Texas Abortion Ban. The decision comes after some conservative justices signaled concern about the law's unintended side effects.
Family Of Bombing Suspect Had Sued For Anti-Muslim Discrimination. Ahmad Rahami's family filed a federal lawsuit alleging police and neighbors targeted them for their religion and national origin.
Undocumented Mom With Brain Tumor To Get Third Bond Hearing. “She’s in no shape to flee. No one has ever said she’s been a danger.”
Here's More Evidence The 2016 Election Was Not About The Majority Of Americans. Live in a battleground state or be ignored.
Donald Trump Says He Will 'Absolutely' Do Three Presidential Debates. “I want to debate very badly. But I have to see the conditions.”
Billboards Taunting Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner Sail Down To Mar-a-Lago. The Trump advisers threatened a lawsuit against the ads that started at Times Square.
Bring the Vote to the People. I propose America engage in an experiment by amending the Constitution in order to replace the House of Representatives with a chamber whose votes are based on direct voting by the people.
Donald Trump: Senate Republicans 'Have Not Done Their Job' On Obamacare. Trump said every Obamacare promise made was "a big, fat, ugly lie."
The Tax Cut And The Fake Trump Boom. While the economic boom looks pretty good now, it won’t look so great by November 2018.
Read The Best July Fourth Oration Ever Given.
HuffPost Rise: What You Need To Know On April 27. Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Sean Spicer Finally Calls It Quits After 6 Months Of Humiliations. Blatantly lying for the president was fine. Working for Anthony Scaramucci is not.
Newt Gingrich Says Donald Trump Was Wrong To Tweet Voter Fraud Lie. This isn't the first time the former House speaker has called out Trump.
Arkansas To Appeal Judge's Ruling To Protect LGBT People. The ruling upholds a city ordinance banning discrimination against the LGBT community.
Monday's Morning Email: Bombs, Stabbing Spark Terror Fears. Suspects are in custody in connection with the Chelsea bombing.
We Must Emphasize Reading For The Sake Of Our Democracy. If we want civically minded citizens, promoting lit and lit comprehension will be key.
Ted Cruz Hits New York Times, Defends Campaign Loans. "The New York Times and I don't exactly have the warmest of relationships."
Over 150 Civil Rights Groups Call On Trump To Denounce Hate Crimes. Not only because he's the president, but because he has "fostered a hostile environment" towards minorities, the groups said.
Motorcycle Lane-Splitting: Safe Or Scary?. At least 15 states in the past five years have considered legalizing lane-splitting for motorcyclists, but only California has enacted legislation to do so.
Last-Ditch Rebellion Against Donald Trump Fails. Former New Hampshire Sen. Gordon Humphrey tried to derail his party's nominee with a desperate vote on rules.
Quit Playing Politics With the Health of Children. A CHIP extension bill should not result in children losing health insurance coverage and being left worse off. Congress should, at the very least, "do no harm" and oppose any package that would result in children losing health coverage or being left worse off in their state.
Housing Budget Needs Increases, Not Cuts. Calling poverty a “state of mind” insults the millions of people who experience its harsh reality.
Ill-Advised Guantanamo Vitriol Undermines U.S. Values and Security. Let me say this to Senator Cotton: for Emad, who has taught himself English and bears no ill-will to Americans despite his wretched treatment at our hands, being held indefinitely at Guantánamo Bay is rotting in hell.
Harry Reid Uses Weekend Terror Attacks To Highlight Gun Law Loopholes. Republicans have blocked bipartisan bills to bar people on terrorism watch lists from buying guns and explosives.
Texas City Councilman Calls Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez A 'Bimbo' After She Criticizes Trump. Republican Scott Dunn has apologized and deleted his social media accounts after major blowback.
How Republicans Are Blocking Local Minimum Wage Hikes. Legislation that just passed in Alabama is a sign of things to come.
Federal Judge Refuses To Block Mississippi Anti-LGBT Law. GOP Gov. Phil Bryant, signed into law the wide-reaching measure in April, which supporters called necessary to protect businesses and individuals seeking to exercise their religious views.
Barack And Michelle Obama Celebrate 23rd Wedding Anniversary. Looking good!
Mayors Take On Crucial Roles Fighting Climate Change. In the years ahead, the public will see if local leaders can deliver substantive results if national leaders cannot.
Susan Collins Is Not Running For Governor Of Maine In 2018. The moderate Republican just can't quit the Senate after 21 years.
Democratic Member Quitting Federal Election Commission: Report. “The ability of the commission to perform its role has deteriorated significantly."
These Are The Students Walking Out Of School To Protest Gun Violence. Photos from around the country show students marching on the anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting.
How Could Donald Trump Have Possibly Known His RT Interview Would Air On RT?. You've never seen such a cunning plot.
Ernst Caught Saying States Can Nullify Laws.
Activists Blast White House Plan To Eradicate Transgender From Gender Definition. LGBTQ activists and supporters are mobilizing for a Monday rally at the White House.
Mothers Of The Missing. The situation in Nigeria has focused us on the plight of these abducted girls, but were we blind before to this possibility? It always takes a current event to snap us out of our collective fog, to clear away the cobwebs of our own inaction and make us take notice. What can we do to help them and to make our Mother's Day mean a little more?
Trump Terrible 10 -- Statue Of Liberty Law Of The Land Edition. Counting down the week’s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
Senators Target The 'Many-Headed Dragon' Of Climate Change Denial. Lawmakers are calling out companies they say engaged in a "sophisticated and deceitful campaign" to mislead the public.
Ex-Aide To Gabrielle Giffords Faces Recount In House Race.
Indian Americans Have Always Faced Racism, But 'Model Minorities' Don't Speak Out. The model minority stereotype renders Indians abroad to be complacent.
Why Can't The World's Best Military Win Its Wars?. Americans need to rethink war and look honestly at ourselves and our friends.
Mike Huckabee Suspends 2016 Presidential Campaign. He entered the race May 5.
Why Every 2016 Candidate Should Get Out While They Still Can. Everyone in the race has a reason to quit. Who wants this thankless job, anyway?
Jody Hice, Anti-Islam Republican, Defeats Ken Dious In Georgia House Race.
Chuck Schumer: Tom Perez Will Make The DNC Do More Than 'Yak'. The Senate Minority Leader is meeting with Perez, Rep. Keith Ellison and Sen. Bernie Sanders on Thursday.
Bernie Sanders Has One Pro-Wall Street Vote. His vote to deregulate derivatives doesn't fit his broader voting record.
Obama Found Donald Trump's Sexual Assault Boasts 'Repugnant'. Just like all of us.
Iowa Voter Confronts Ted Cruz Over His Enmity Of Obamacare. Ted Cruz's attempt to hew to his anti-Obamacare talking points Saturday led to an uncomfortable exchange with a voter who
Why Is The Left So Determined To Destroy Its Leaders?. The criticism of Kamala Harris obscures larger issues.
Not All Trump Voters Oppose DACA -- But His Staunchest Fans Mostly Do. New polling suggests the president's opinion could sway some, but not all, of his base on the issue.
Thousands Attend Orlando Vigil To Prove That Love Wins. "We are heartbroken, but our community is strong."
The GOP Tax Law May Be Growing A Little Less Unpopular. Some polls show ratings rising for the legislation, while others suggest less of a shift.
Why The FDA Doesn't Really Know What's In Your Food.
The First Big GOP Primaries Of The Trump Era Are All About The President. Just Look At Indiana.. Tuesday’s primaries are the first major chance for GOP voters to shape the party in the Trump era.
El Chapo's Lawyers Say He Can't Get A Fair U.S. Trial Because Of Donald Trump. They say the United States is hostile toward Mexicans.
How Journalists Need To Go Beyond Fact Checking Trump. by Eric Umansky All the way back in March, Dartmouth political science professor Brendan Nyhan wrote a prescient tweetstorm
Tweeters Ridicule Donald Trump Over 'Uninspired' New Nickname For Political Rival. "I bet he can't wait for 6th grade to start."
Supreme Court Trashes Latest Legal Attack On Obamacare. The justices already ruled the law constitutional. They're done for now.
Virginia Republican Flip-Flops Almost Immediately On Opposing GOP Health Care Bill. The Graham-Cassidy bill is causing problems for Virginia gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie.
3 Paths For Congress To Replace DACA. Don’t put your money on a stand-alone Dreamer bill.
Michigan May Allow Adoption Agencies To Refuse Service To Gay Couples.
Homeland Security Secretary: 'I Don't Know How To Stop' Homegrown Terrorist Attacks. "There are so many aspects to this terrorist thing," John Kelly said.
Schools, Black Children, And Corporal Punishment. Black school kids in America are beaten and suspended disproportionately.
Senate Confirms Trump’s Labor Secretary. Alexander Acosta will lead a far more employer-friendly Labor Department than existed under Obama.
U.S.-Africa Summit: President Obama Should Dis-Invite Uganda Dictator Gen. Museveni. The August Summit is an excellent moment in history to change the narrative of U.S. engagement with Africa. But the presence of some notorious ones distracts from this major event.
Socialism, Intersectionality And The Myth Of The Social/Fiscal Disjunct. More than being factually inaccurate, it is genuinely fucked up to chalk all of socialist thought up to white men given the
I Spent My 40th Birthday On The "Island of Women" At The Women's March -- Here's What I Learned. When my husband I started planning a birthday trip to Isla Mujeres, Mexico, the idea of a Trump presidency was on a distant
Obama Photographer Throws Epic Shade At Trump With Throwback Running Picture. "Back in the day when our President could run."
When A Child Believes 'Black Lives Don't Matter'. When there is fear, social progress ceases to exist.
Trevor Noah To GOP: Paul Ryan's 'Just Not That Into You'. "Leave Paul Ryan alone!"
South Dakota Republican Delegate Facepalms As His State Selects Donald Trump. "I just think that it’s a sad day for the Republican party."
Trump ICE Chief Wants To Prosecute Politicians Who Won't Lock Up More Immigrants. Legal experts say the threat won't hold up in court, but it still matters.
Senators' Snacks Feed Jon Stewart Jokes. The Wisconsin cranberries especially miffed the New Jersey comedian.
GOP Candidates Criticize Obama's Syria Policy As 'Sign Of Weakness'. On Friday, the White House announced that the U.S. will deploy about 50 special forces in Syria.
GOP looks to Ryan for salvation. On the eve of the Wisconsin primaries, top Republicans are becoming increasingly vocal about their long-held belief that
Donald Trump Literally Cannot Take The Heat. He said he wouldn't pay the hotel where he was speaking because it was too warm inside.
Top Democrat Richard Neal Disavows Super PAC Ad Blasting His Opponent. A TV spot from a pro-Neal super PAC used discredited allegations to attack challenger Alex Morse.
The DEA Is Rushing To Criminalize Another Herb, And Congress Is Silent. If the war on drugs is a failure, why are lawmakers sitting idly as the DEA launches a ban on kratom?
Harry Reid Thinks Alan Grayson Is A Loser, Tells Him So. "Say my name," Grayson demands. "I want you to lose," Reid replies.
President Trump's Reelection Campaign Releases Television Ad. “The president’s enemies don’t want him to succeed," the ad's narrator says.
The Onion Hilariously Trolls Michael Cohen With His Own Cease-And-Desist Note. "The article is an absolutely disgusting piece that lacks any place in journalism; even in your Onion.”
Kellyanne Conway Has Referred To The Fake 'Bowling Green Massacre' Before. She described the fake terrorist attack in January interviews with Cosmopolitan and TMZ.
Jason Chaffetz Won't Run For Re-Election. The announcement sets up a gavel fight for the chairmanship of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
"Queers"? "Degenerates"? Once a Hater....
DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen Is Offended People Think Donald Trump Is Racist. "I would certainly say undoubtedly the president will use ― continue to use ― strong language when it comes to this issue."
Rachel Maddow Wonders: Would We Really Be Better Off Without Jeff Sessions?. An attorney general who isn't recused from the Russia probe might be even scarier, she said.
Senate Confirms Climate Change Denier To Lead NASA. Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.) will take over control of the space agency after seven-month standoff.
#NotMyPresident... But Wait? He Is.. I didn't watch the inauguration. If you know what a news and political junkies we are in this house, this was big. News are
Key State Department Posts In Flux Amid Trump's 'Fire And Fury' North Korea Threat. The U.S. has no permanent ambassador to South Korea and no undersecretary for arms control and international security, among many unfilled jobs.
An Open Letter To The 'New York Times' Who Told Brown Asians They Don't Matter. The continued failure to include us whenever you talk about Asian Americans is extremely insulting.
Don Lemon Teases 'End Of An Era' At CNN But It's 'Not What You Think'. "Everybody calm down," the "CNN Tonight" anchor said in a video clarifying his on-air comments.
Hillary Clinton Won’t Say How Much Goldman Sachs CEO Invested With Her Son-In-Law. ﻿When Hillary Clinton's son-in-law sought funding for his new hedge fund in 2011, he found financial backing from one of
The Tax Bill And The Republican Social Vision For America's Future. The Republican tax bill, as David Brooks highlights well in his recent New York Times editorial, is the clearest elucidation
Lindsey Graham: This Election 'Makes Me Want To Move To Canada'. A number of Republicans sidestepped questions about Donald Trump's admiration for Vladimir Putin.
The Pentagon's Response to Ted Cruz Regarding Jade Helm 15. If, Senator Cruz, you believe that the United States military is a political tool of its civilian leadership, you have reached a conclusion unsupported by fact, history and good sense. Even a Princeton and Harvard Law man should know the difference. Also, it makes you the rudest Canadian we've ever run across.
Trump Leaves Hospital As Questions Mount Over COVID-19 Condition. White House physician Sean Conley refused to discuss details of the president’s coronavirus infection and said he “may not entirely be out of the woods yet.”
Donald Trump, Unable To Control Self, Calls Elizabeth Warren The Real Racist. And then, just when you think this campaign can't get any more ridiculous, enter Scott Brown.
California AG Will Seek Death Penalty In Murder Case Tainted By Government Misconduct. Legal experts have called the decision "very disturbing" and "far-fetched."
Stanley McChrystal: Drones Are 'Here To Stay'.
Drop In New Coal Plants Worldwide Could Make A Major Climate Goal Attainable. Pre-construction plans for coal plants fell 48 percent last year, offering new hope for preventing irreversible climate change.
Climate Change Is Ruining Farmers' Lives, But Only A Few Will Admit It. They're embracing new practices in hopes of influencing an industry stuck in the past.
As Dems Avoid Obama, GOP IS 'Dying To Be' With Mitt.
Greece and the Myth of Sisyphus!. Since 2010, Greece has been living the tragic myth of Sisyphus, the king in Greek mythology who tried to outsmart the Gods and was punished for his trickery by being forced to eternally roll a huge stone up a hill, only to watch it roll back down every time he would approach the top.
Democrats Nix Idea Of Trading Dreamers' Protections For Border Wall, More Deportations. Top administration officials are reportedly pushing for a deal that would help young undocumented immigrants -- by hurting their parents and community.
Anderson Cooper Lays A Big Donald Trump Myth To Rest Once And For All. The CNN anchor mocked the president's desperate pleading with Georgia's secretary of state to "find" him votes.
Here's Donald Trump's Victory Speech As If He Wrote It Up Himself. "Do I hit good? Do I hit it long? Is Trump strong?"
Does Uncle Sam Have a God Complex?. As a matter of faith, some people believe that God can see and hear everything. But as a matter of fact, the U.S. government now has the kind of surveillance powers formerly attributed only to a supreme being.
DHS Secretary Claims There’s No Family Separation Policy, ‘Period'. Last week, DHS announced that nearly 2,000 kids had been separated from their parents during a six-week period ending last month.
Wednesday's Morning Email: Germany Hunts For New Suspect In Truck Attack. TOP STORIES Good morning everyone! Just wanted to let you know that The Morning Email will return Thursday, Dec. 29 after
Congress Must Not Normalize The Secrecy Surrounding Trumpcare. Health care debates and bills need to be transparent.
EPA To Gut The Only Major Federal Rule To Cut Climate Pollution From Vehicles. The decision could divide automakers and set the Trump administration up for a series of legal battles.
Donald Trump Supporter Swats Away Reporter's Microphone Outside Rally. “I don’t want to talk to the media. They’re liars," said the man in Newtown, Pennsylvania.
They Told A Fracking Company To Go Away. 3 Years Later, They're Still in Court.. Grant Township, Pennsylvania, has been fighting to keep a wastewater disposal site out of town.
LAPD Takes A Stand Against Trump Immigration Enforcement. "That is not our job."
What Care For The Criminally Insane Can Teach Us About Mental Health Treatment. Those judged to be criminally insane often receive better mental health treatment than practically anybody else — including people who have never committed a crime.
The Birth of Wars. In my humble opinion, it's both inconceivable and terrifying that such a powerful man as George Soros would propose an action that could spark a new world war.
Texas Republican Allen West Goes On Anti-Vaccine Rant While Hospitalized With COVID-19. The unvaccinated gubernatorial candidate kept pushing conspiracy theories about the shot while he benefited from expensive medical intervention.
Trump’s Pick To Replace Former Exxon CEO As Secretary Of State Is A Bigger Climate Denier. Mike Pompeo, who was tapped to replace Rex Tillerson, could be the first secretary of state to reject climate science outright. Climate deniers have high hopes for him.
House Republicans To Vote On Bringing Back Earmarks. But some conservative groups aren't on board.
Federal Judge Reins In St. Louis Police, Finding Protest Crackdown Unconstitutional. St. Louis cops "exercised their discretion in an arbitrary and retaliatory fashion to punish protesters for voicing criticism of police," the judge ruled.
Kushner Helped Launch Shell Company That Paid Campaign Funds To Trump Family: Report. A complaint to the Federal Election Commission claims American Made Media Consultants shields the identities of fund recipients.
Supreme Court Refuses To Tell The Senate To Do Its Job, While Merrick Garland Just Waits. It's not really the court's job to intervene in this political fight.
Hillary Clinton: Obama Has 'Plenty Of Time' To Nominate Scalia Successor. Republicans who block Obama are "out of step with our history," she says.
Read Live Updates On The CNN GOP Debate. The Republican candidates are back and ready to rumble.
Fostering Equality and Opportunity for Those With Developmental Disabilities. Tomorrow legislative leaders will join Governor Patrick at Fenway Park to celebrate the passage of three bills, including one which enacts the ABLE provision. This component has the potential to transform life for families with children with autism and other disabilities.
The Republicans’ Devious Tax Attack On The People. Have the Republican greed-hound toadies gone too far? How much are the American people going to take before they replace
Thousands Protest Wisconsin's Right-To-Work Bill At The State's Capitol.
Senate Democrats Propose Huge Change For Private Student Loans.
Trump's Tweets Continue To Be The Bane Of The White House. White House aides seem resigned to their boss ruining their lives.
Why House Republicans Seem Fine Risking Humiliation Again In Pursuit Of An Obamacare Repeal. They need to show they're doing something -- anything -- or else their voter base may crumble.
Hillary Stays Quiet On Critical Issues, Just Like In 2008.
Want To Know More About Baltimore's Black-White Divide? Ask The Teens Who Live There.. “The media tends to focus a lot on the distress in these neighborhoods, but the fact is, many people call these neighborhoods home.”
'Chill, Donald': Greta Thunberg Turns Trump's Condescending Tweet Against Him. As Trump threw a tantrum over votes, Thunberg referenced the president's belittling reaction to her winning Time's 2019 Person of the Year.
Donald Trump Reacts To Death Of George H.W. Bush. The 41st president died Friday at age 94.
Hillary Clinton Calls Out RNC Chairman For Telling Her To Smile. The Democratic nominee's appearance and voice have been highly scrutinized throughout her historic presidential campaign.
House Republicans Are Getting Uncomfortable With Donald Trump's Stance On Executive Overreach. They're squirming.
America at Its Best: Gay Marriage Points the Way to End Political Polarization. To overcome our nations' political gridlock, we'll need to develop new ways to integrate both the conservative and liberal values that underlie the polarization.
Dreamers Can't Sue For In-State Tuition In Georgia, State Supreme Court Rules. But a new legal challenge is already in the works.
Republicans Fail On Health Care. Here's Why The Rest Of Trump's Agenda Won't Be 'So Easy,' Either. They're waging a legislative battle on two fronts with no compromise in sight.
Lou Dobbs Wonders Why It's Been So Hard 'Finding Actual Proof' Of Election Fraud. "Eight weeks from the election, and we still don’t have verifiable, tangible support for the crimes that everyone knows were committed," the Fox Business host said.
Former Beauty Contestants Talk About Trump. How Donald Trump sees women — and how they see him — has become central to his bid for the presidency.
Florida Death Penalty Goes On Trial, With Hope For Nearly 400 Doomed Inmates. State Supreme Court hearings began on whether death row inmates sentenced under an unconstitutional process should be given life terms.
Senators Breathe New Life Into Criminal Justice Reform Bill, Unveil Changes. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell still needs convincing to back the revised legislation.
House Republicans Back Off From Impeaching The IRS Commissioner -- For Now. Let's make a deal!
Donald Trump’s SCOTUS Pick Has A History Of Favoring Police. In cases considering officers' powers, Neil Gorsuch has tended to side with the cops.
Supreme Court Declines To Put Gay Marriage On Hold In South Carolina.
Donald Trump Uses Another Dog Whistle Attack To Get Out The Vote. Trump accused Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe of "illegally" restoring voting rights to former felons and "letting criminals cancel out the votes of law-abiding citizens.”
Kellyanne Conway's Husband Is Going Rogue. George Conway has been criticizing Trump all month.
Coming Home To A Trump Town. The town’s main employer is the hog plant. With about 2,000 workers, it churns out 3.5-million pounds of pork each day. Its
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts Remembers Antonin Scalia. "He was an extraordinary individual and jurist, admired and treasured by his colleagues."
New York Daily News Muzzles Donald Trump On Silencing Front Page. The tabloid slapped a mask on Trump for saying he likely won’t follow CDC guidelines about wearing them in public amid the coronavirus pandemic.
Today's 'Voter Fraud' Efforts Recall Infamous 1990 Attempt To Deter Black Vote. The late Sen. Jesse Helms would likely approve.
The Plight Of Giving John McCain His Hero Cape Back. John McCain is still sleeping on the couch to me. But after Friday, I may give him a pillow and a blanket.
Appeals Judge Wants The Supreme Court To Put An End To The Trans Bathroom Debate. "Virtually every civilization’s norms on this issue stand in protest."
Bernie Sanders Exploits Hillary Clinton's Flaws In A Way Most Republicans Can't. What Iowa revealed about her election prospects -- and what it didn't.
Bernie Sanders Has No Time For Chris Cuomo Asking About The 2020 Election. "People are sick and tired of it!"
These Panels Could Be The Best Hope For Innocent Victims Of The Criminal Justice System. False evidence and faulty investigations are just some of the issues conviction integrity units must review to right the wrongs of the past.
Whose Life, Liberty and Pursuit of Happiness Is More Important?. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness... I am sure that all of you who have been through political science and philosophy in universities have discussed these ad nauseam. These are concepts probably unfamiliar to others, people like my father, my uncles.
Democrats Want An Investigation Into Donald Trump's Whistleblower Threats. Because according to Republicans, the real scandal of Trump's Russia ties is that we're learning about them.
Bad Obamacare News Is Real. That Doesn't Mean Obamacare Is Dying.. UnitedHealth Group's negative outlook on the health law isn't a good sign, but there's more to the story.
Liz Cheney Supports Waterboarding, Attacks CIA Torture Report. "We don’t torture; we haven’t tortured," she insisted.
John McCain's Surprising Vote: How Cancer Can Change A Person's Worldview. If he survives his cancer, it will be solely due to affordable, quality healthcare that he is fortunate enough to receive.
Lincoln Chafee Will Speak About The 'Future' Of His Campaign On Friday. What could the news be?
A Right-Wing Activist Tried To Infiltrate A Democratic Campaign. It Didn't Go Well.. Whoops.
John Cena Perfectly Explains What 'Patriotism' Really Means. "Patriotism is love for a country, not just pride in it."
Scott Walker Dodges Specifics On Immigration. DES MOINES — Scott Walker memorably confronted protesters but ducked specifics on his immigration reform stance during a
The Contraceptive Mandate Finally Leads America Out of the Victorian Era. The Affordable Care Act demonstrates an affirmative, proactive step from government for women's access to reproductive health care, but conservatives are bent on moving backwards.
The Immorality Of Police Brutality. Officers too often appear to engage in ultra-violent behavior, because they can.
Bees Are Slowly Going Extinct. These Prisoners Are Trying To Stop That.. The program the Washington State Department of Corrections is rolling out is proving good for bees, and inmates too.
Distracted Reporting. On Friday, President Donald Trump attempted a trick many previous U.S. presidents have used to good effect, and so far at
What if Climate Change Were a Foreign Enemy? Part I.
House Republicans Are Having The Worst Spring Break Ever. At town halls, angry constituents confronted GOPers over health care and other issues.
Life Appears To Have Gotten Much Better For Sean Spicer. The former secretary finally got to meet the pope, after he was denied a spot with the president earlier this year.
Wisconsin Gets To Enforce Restrictive Voter ID Law, With One Big Twist. An appeals court rejected a softening device that would've made it easier for people without a voter card.
It Takes Just 4 Charts To Show A Big Part Of What's Wrong With Congress.
Trump DOJ To Supreme Court: Making Gay Wedding Cake Would Violate Baker's Rights. The Justice Department said artists can’t be compelled to create against their religious beliefs.
Our President Is A White Nationalist. Make America Great Again—we all knew what that meant.
The Demolition Of U.S. Global Power. Donald Trump’s road to debacle in the greater Middle East.
Richard Hanna Becomes First Republican Congressman To Say He'll Vote For Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump "is unfit to serve our party and cannot lead this country," he says.
Charles Koch Complains About Corporate Influence In Politics In Surprising Op-Ed. Trump's new tariffs have the billionaire donor singing a new tune.
A Game of Egos. 2013. A year in Pakistan's history when the government and public were celebrating a successful election as for the first time ever in the nation's history. Democracy, here, is when the government is fooling the masses who have been kept under the false pretense of having the right to express themselves completely.
Thursday's Morning Email: How Trump Turned A Call For A Fallen Soldier Into Another Gold Star Firestorm. TOP STORIES (And want to get The Morning Email each weekday? Sign up here.) PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP’S CALL TO SOLDIER’S FAMILY
Saudi King Confident Trump Can Solve Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, Foreign Minister Says. "He certainly has the vision and, we believe, the strength and the decisiveness."
Why America Has A Leg Up On Fighting Extremism -- For Now. Multiculturalism is a powerful concept.
Congress' Longest Serving WWII Vet Vows To Fight Nazis Again After Violent Protest. Former Rep. John Dingell had a message for white nationalist groups that incited violence on Saturday.
Army Helicopter Crashes In Rural Tennessee, Killing 2 Fort Campbell Pilots. The helicopter was found in a river bottom and was on fire when first responders arrived.
An Epidemic Of Questionable Arrests By School Police. Soul-searching in San Bernardino County over campus cops’ tactics and attitudes
Obama Says Putin Is 'Donald Trump's Role Model'. "Can you imagine Ronald Reagan idolizing somebody like that?"
House Democrat: Shutdown Would Be Due To GOP Taking Government 'Hostage'. Congress is facing a Sept. 30 deadline to fund the federal government.
Nigel Farage Jokes About Trump Inappropriately Touching British Prime Minister. “If it comes to it, I could be there as the responsible adult role, to make sure everything’s OK.”
NYPD Calls Unreasonable Use Of Force 'Irresponsible' After Trump's Speech. The department said suggestions for using another standard for use of force "sends the wrong message."
White House: The Difference Between Trump And Franken Is Franken 'Admitted Wrongdoing'. Sixteen women have accused the president of sexual misconduct.
How The Trump Nightmare Ends. A scenario that becomes more likely by the day.
Don’t Underestimate Trump’s Ability To Interfere With Mueller’s Investigation. Special counsels are not fully protected from meddling and pressure from the White House.
The Twitter Hack Has Dangerous Implications For The 2020 Election. Even if the platform deters another attack, the hack is a lightning rod for disinformation.
When FDR Tried To Mess With Thanksgiving, It Backfired Big Time. And they called it "Franksgiving."
Congressional Oversight May Be More Important Than Ever. Is Jason Chaffetz Up To The Job?. So far, he hasn't shown much interest in investigating Donald Trump's administration.
Civil Rights Titan Rep. John Lewis Hailed As America's Conscience. "Our hearts feel empty without our friend, but we find comfort knowing that he is free at last."
White House Works To Release Republican Memo Despite FBI Warning. Democrats have called the four-page memo misleading.
Sunday Roundup. This week delivered a prelude to today's announcement of Hillary Clinton's campaign for president, thus beginning our long national nightmare of breathless fluctuations in swing state polls, manufactured scandals, and faux outrage over faux stories. But it doesn't have to be that way; when the media serves up an unending stream of nothing-burgers (extra Benghazi on that?), we can demand more substantive fare. Like the fact that the 2016 race could be shaping up as a referendum on another war, this one with a country twice as big as Iraq, or that this week the Senate Foreign Relations Committee continued deal-making on legislation that could scuttle the Iran nuclear deal. There are plenty of real scandals to debate -- the declining middle class, our broken justice system, income inequality, the list goes on. So when the fake ones are served up, what we need is a political version of Amazon's Dash Button -- a Who Cares Button. Watch for it as part of HuffPost's 2016 coverage!
Where Campaign Finance Reformers Actually Won On Election Day.
New Report Blames Army Engineers For Katrina.
An American DREAMer In The Age Of Trump. Alfredo’s story has a happy ending, for now. Most undocumented students, however, are not as fortunate.
Hillary Clinton Hits Scott Walker On His Home Turf. The audience at the debate loved her critique.
Charlie Hebdo Editor Slams News Organizations For Not Publishing Cartoons.
Sunday Roundup. This week, the White House revealed it really does care about civilians being killed by drones -- at least when they're Americans or Westerners. On Thursday, President Obama expressed "profound regrets," and described as "uniquely tragic," a January drone strike in Pakistan that killed two al Qaeda-held hostages -- one American, one Italian. But while certainly tragic, it's far from unique. The Bureau of Investigative Journalism estimates that, under Obama, drones in Pakistan alone have killed between 256 and 630 civilians, with at least 66 of them children. In fact, the first drone strike of his presidency reportedly killed at least nine civilians. In the wake of this week's announcement, the president ordered a review of what lessons can be learned from these latest deaths. One we already know: Some innocent lives are apparently more valuable than others.
Judge Blocks Texas Immigration Crackdown. An injunction prevents a state law banning so-called sanctuary cities from taking effect.
Most Americans Think Washington Is Less Civil Under Trump. Can't argue with that poll finding.
White House Leaning Toward Exiting Paris Agreement By Next Week, Sources Say. In the tug-of-war over the historic climate agreement, EPA chief Scott Pruitt and chief strategist Steve Bannon appear to be winning.
Tom Perez Nabs DNC Chair Endorsement From Disability Rights Pioneer. Former Rep. Tony Coelho (D-Calif.) is a voting member of the Democratic National Committee.
Nevada Refuses To Say How Many Inmates Employees Shot. That's A Problem.. Do taxpayers have a right to know if a prison is taking action that leads to injury of inmates? I think so.
Joe Biden Wants To Make Community College Free. Can Progressives Push Him Further?. Making community college tuition-free has “no political downside.” Free four-year degrees are a tougher political sell.
Thanks, Anyway. We are called upon to gather, reflect, and give thanks mere days from now, as we do every year at this time. And yet, this
Ben Carson Calls Transgender Military Members A Distraction. “I mean, why do you have to go around flaunting your sexuality?" the presidential hopeful added.
Most Americans Aren't All That Scared About The State Of The World. Democrats have grown more fearful since last fall, while Republicans' worries have eased.
Trump Again Downplays Steve Bannon's White House Role. Bannon is "a guy who works for me," Trump said.
Arrogant Christians In The White House. Trump and Pence represent two troubling trends in American Christianity.
Pennsylvania Congressional Upset Undercuts GOP Messaging On Tax Law. The GOP said cutting taxes would help them in 2018. It didn’t on Tuesday.
Donald Trump Has Already Cemented His Pathetic Legacy. Barely more than 100 days into his presidency, Donald Trump has already cemented his legacy as little more than an obedient
Veterans Try To Save One Another After Rash Of Suicides. After the sixth suicide in his old battalion, Manny Bojorquez sank onto his bed. With a half-empty bottle of Jim Beam beside
Trump Plans To Steal The Spotlight Back With Cabinet Announcements. The presumptive GOP nominee loves to make a huge splash in the news, but his VP announcement failed to deliver.
Scott Walker Issues Executive Order Allowing National Guard Members To Carry Weapons. “Safety must be our top priority, especially in light of the horrific attack in Chattanooga."
Here's What Congressional Democrats Are Doing About Trump's Business Conflicts. “It is up to us to act as an independent check on the executive branch.”
Top Cops And Prosecutors Form Alliance To Battle Crime And Prison Crowding. New group backs bipartisan proposals to ease drug sentencing, solitary confinement.
How The Bond Between Police And Prosecutors Impedes Justice. The fate of police officers who kill often rests in the hands of the prosecutors they typically work alongside. Amid calls
Social Security Just Turned 81. This Is Its Impact.. New reports highlight the social insurance program's benefits for some 60 million people.
Obama To Visit A Mosque For The First Time As President. The visit comes after he called for Muslim Americans to help fight extremism.
Dispensaries In California City Offer Free Marijuana For Those Who Vote.
Shades of Grey Between Israelis and Palestinians. When the media goes away, all those who have lost loved ones will experience a pain so great in the heart that they feel they will surely burst. This pain has no political identity and will always be with you no matter what mask you wear on a particular day.
Donald Trump Makes Wild Boast About 'Great Support' For The Border Wall. Trump bragged that there was "great support coming from all sides" for his campaign promise. But that's not the case.
Fight Emerges Over Birth Control In Key Race.
This Gay Couple Left Iran For A Better Life. Now They Wonder If It Can Last In America.. Former refugees Ramin Haghjoo and Nima Nia reflect on love and fear in the Age of Trump.
Bernie Sanders Nabs Endorsement From National Nurses' Union. National Nurses United gets behind Clinton's top challenger. "He's about building a social movement for humanistic change," the union's director says.
John Boehner Mum On Whether GOP Will Defund Planned Parenthood. House committees will keep reviewing undercover videos for now
Reagan's Daughter Patti Davis Reveals She Didn't Disclose Sex Assault For Decades. "Your memory snaps photos of the details that will haunt you forever. It blacks out other parts that really don’t matter much," she writes in support of Christine Blasey Ford.
Obama On Returning To Civilian Life: 'I’m Going To Have Some Catching Up To Do'. The outgoing president says he is ready for life as a private citizen.
Dirty Denier$ Day 17: Congressman Rodney Davis. Rep. Rodney Davis is far out of step with most Americans who want clean air, land, water and for the government to do something about climate change. And he needs to show some leadership by embracing his own words by taking action on climate change.
Sarah Palin Calls Obama 'Lazy' Over Approach To VA Scandal.
Freedom To Marry Shares Lessons From Victorious Equality Campaign. They hope activists will be able to use lessons from their success for other battles.
New Farm Bill Won't Save Small Farmers. Bigger farms increasingly dominate American agriculture, and they get the most subsidies too.
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders Gloss Over Context, Disagree On Details In Democratic Debate. The two faced off on foreign policy, health care, wages and Social Security.
Marilinda Garcia Wins GOP Primary In New Hampshire.
Worse Than Watergate: Trump's Constitutional Crisis. It’s difficult to express the deep irony of Donald Trump sitting down with Henry Kissinger for a photo-op the day after he
Melania Trump Condemns Donald's Comments, Says People Should Vote For Him Anyway. She says the now-infamous recording doesn't reflect the man she knows.
Kentucky Deputy Clerk's Lawyer: Kim Davis Disobeyed Judge's Order. He claims Davis did so when she altered marriage license forms for same-sex couples.
Facebook Co-Founder Promises $20 Million To Elect Hillary Clinton. Dustin Moskovitz has just become one of the biggest Democratic Party super PAC donors.
Just How Many More Profiles Of Huma Abedin Do There Need To Be?. We should set some reasonable limits.
The GOP War on Poor Women's Health. Being both poor and a woman is not easy. Add to that a constant barrage of attacks on your reproductive health, and you've got a nearly impossible situation. Yet, it's something that millions of American women are forced to endure every minute of every hour of every day.
Donald Trump Just Had The Weirdest Phone Call With Ireland's New Leader. Trump was put on hold for at least 90 seconds, then he pulled a reporter into the chat.
Flawed Jury Selection Methods Could Favor Ex-Cop Who Allegedly Raped Black Women. Defense attorneys can be given leeway to choose jurors more likely to side with their client.
NRA Mocks Kim Kardashian's Stance On Gun Control After She's Robbed At Gunpoint. Tasteless.
Book Reveals New Details On Benghazi Attack.
War, Murder and the American Way. Today, our national numbness is wrapped in a Confederate flag. The young man who killed nine members of Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church on Wednesday night was an old-school racist.
Bernie Sanders Unveils Sweeping Policy Platform To Combat Racial Inequality. Sanders addressed the issue in front of more than 20,000 supporters in Portland, drawing his largest crowd yet.
Why Progressives Shouldn't Assume Republicans Will 'Move On' From ACA Repeal. This isn't the first time GOP leaders have said they'll focus on other things.
Simple Truths: We Will Only Win This - and Other Conflicts - with Allies on the Ground. President Obama has signaled a "new phase" in the fight against the Islamic State as we send 1,500 additional Americans into Iraq to train and advise the Iraqi army to "start going on some offense." Doing so will be no small task.
Trump's Moment Of Truth Is Coming. President Donald Trump leaves this week for an important 12-day trip to Asia where he will visit Japan, South Korea, China
Zbig's Ukraine. Zbigniew Brzezinski’s Finnish model continues to raise several concerns. It is based on the assumption that in return for
After Charlottesville: Overdue Time To Restore Decency To Our Politics. Obstructionism has become the new normal. Ordinary Americans disdain their own representatives, and elected officials distrust their own colleagues.
Super PACs Supporting Hillary Clinton Rely On $1 Million Donors. Two groups raised $27.3 million in the second half of 2015.
Melania Trump Speech Appears To Be An Illegal Campaign Contribution. Ethics watchdogs suggest that's another oops for the Trump campaign.
Dozens Of Retired Generals, Admirals Back Iran Nuclear Deal. Three dozen retired generals and admirals released an open letter Tuesday supporting the Iran nuclear deal and urging Congress
House Committee Calls On Postmaster General To Testify On USPS Changes. The changes have stoked fears they are aimed at holding up mail-in election ballots.
Constituents Use 'Search Parties,' Cardboard Cutouts To Protest GOP Lawmakers Avoiding Town Halls. Angry constituents have held creative protests to draw attention to absent lawmakers.
Joe Biden's Potential Presidential Campaign 'Ramping Up,' Says Adviser. A political adviser says the vice president is "90 percent in."
Is A Closer-Than-Expected Race In Kansas A Warning Sign For The GOP?. Republicans faced a surprisingly close call on Tuesday.
Mike Pence's Aspen Vacation Cost A Small Business $10,000 In Lost Earnings. Business friendly!
Theater Goes Nuts As Hillary Clinton Appears In The Audience. "We love you, Hillary!" the crowd called to the former presidential candidate.
Republicans Make A Political Calculus On State And Local Tax Deduction. There are winners and losers, and some Republicans just want to make sure their constituents don't lose too much.
John Kelly And The History That Never Was. The White House chief of staff has proven himself just as ignorant about history and complicit in oppression as his boss.
Judge Allows Man To Openly Carry A Gun At His Daughter’s Elementary School. A Michigan judge held last week that a Grand Rapids man may carry a gun inside his daughter’s school — provided he carries
Bernie Sanders: 'We All Knew' What Hillary Clinton Meant By 'Super-Predators'. Clinton was referring to "young blacks" when she used the term "super-predators" in the 1990s, Sanders said.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders: NBC Gave Trump A Show For A Decade, So He's Not Racist. The two are not mutually exclusive, Sarah.
Joe Biden Says 'It's Very Possible' Trump Could Be The GOP Nominee. Pope Francis, Donald Trump. "It's not a hard call for me."
Soccer Fan Support for the Islamic State: Protest or a New Generation of Jihadists?. At face value, a recent one minute video clip on You Tube leaves little doubt about support for the Islamic State, the jihadist group that controls a swath of Syria and Iraq, among supporters of storied Moroccan soccer club Raja Club Athletic.
Nukes And The Global Schism. Guess which countries boycotted negotiations to ban nuclear weapons.
Wrong-Way Karl Rove Rides Again. The Republican consultant probably should stop making election night calls.
There's At Least One Scenario In Which Bernie Sanders Is Electable And Hillary Clinton Isn't. Sanders could prevail in a financial catastrophe -- and that possibility isn't completely far-fetched.
Federal Pullback, Climate Change Could Boost State Spending On Disasters. States generally qualify for the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s public assistance program — money to replace and repair
'Daily Show' Correspondent Hasan Minhaj Eviscerates Congress For Inaction On Guns. "Is this what you want your legacy to be?"
Gardner Is Undecided But 'Very Intrigued' By Latest Proposal To Blow Up Obamacare. After first being undecided and then voting for three GOP proposals to kill Obamacare, U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner says he has
HuffPost Headline Quiz: June 30 to July 6. Can you beat last week's score?
AFL-CIO Resigns From Trump's Manufacturing Council. The departure comes after business leaders left the group amid controversy over the president's response to a white supremacist rally.
California Sues Trump's EPA Over Weakened Clean Car Rules. California is leading the 18-state effort challenging the Trump government's claim that Obama-era emission rules are too stringent.
Ted Cruz Goes After Marco Rubio On Immigration. Rubio's fighting back.
In This Florida District, Black Students Are Punished Far More Harshly Than White Students. It's the school-to-prison pipeline in action.
Trump And Clinton Supporters Find Common Ground On Background Checks For Guns. But on other gun policy questions, the gaps keep widening.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Support For The GOP Frontrunner Might Just Be Overstated. A different kind of poll finds support for Donald Trump could be overstated, but he still runs ahead. Pollsters are shaking their heads (and legs) over Trump's rise. And A decade after Katrina, polls continue to show a racial divide in opinions. This is HuffPollster for Friday, August 28, 2015.
HUFFPOLLSTER: Trump Tape Seems To Have Little Effect On Supporters. Voters are solidifying their choices, not changing sides.
DHS Secretary: A Backchannel Between Trump And Russia ‘Not A Bad Thing’. "It’s normal, in my opinion, and acceptable," Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said amid the growing scandal.
National Anthem Singer Takes A Knee Before Brooklyn Nets Home Opener. "We will not be silenced," said singer Justine Skye.
Protesters Stage Third Day Of Demonstrations In St. Louis Over Acquittal Of Former Cop. The demonstration has been peaceful, police say.
House Republican Recess Talking Points: We're Doing Great!. Neil Gorsuch? That was us. We did that. All House Republicans. You're welcome.
Blame Trump? Jury Hears That Defense At Capitol Riot Trial. The latest Capitol riot defendant to go on trial is blaming his actions on the former president and his false claims about a stolen election.
HUFFPOST HILL - You Didn't Build That (Trump Did). Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!  President-elect
Republicans Block Debate On Voting Rights Bill, Setting Up Summer Filibuster Fight. Democrats face a key question: Will they choose to protect the filibuster or voting rights?
Planned Parenthood Apologizes For Statements In Undercover Video. Critics say the video shows that Planned Parenthood sells aborted fetal tissue, which the organization denies.
Former Radical, Bestselling Author: Obama Is a 'Racist' and 'Communist'. If conservative victory requires broad-based appeal, I'm not sure Horowitz's message resonates. He believes Rome is in fact burning, but that he is one of very few who have any clue of our predicament. That type of messaging is passionate, but its chances of success are doubtful.
Friday Talking Points -- 'Tis The Season. It's that magical time of year when the wee folk of Capitol Hill actually get something done.  These brief bursts of activity only happen very rarely, of course, and always immediately proceed another one of the many, many long vacations Congress takes during the year.
Fox News Host Has Some Blunt Talk For Trump: 'You Have To Learn To Lose'. Brian Kilmeade also dismissed Trump's complaints of election fraud.
Dems Decry Social Security Sneak Attack.
Reince Priebus Says U.S. Citizens Should Expect More Questioning After Order Targeting Muslims. “If you’re an American citizen traveling back and forth to Libya, you’re likely to be subjected to further questioning when you come into the airport."
Stop Ryan's Attack On America's Safety Net. By Steven R. Rothman March 11, 2017 What kind of America would we have if we allowed Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare Repeal
The GOP Has A Split Personality When It Comes To Food Stamps.
Donald Trump Is The Best Thing That Ever Happened To Ted Cruz. He makes Cruz look sane -- and that's just one of the reasons why the Texas senator is surging.
Where Do We Draw the Line With "Religious Freedom" in the Workplace?. It may be 2015, but in many ways when it comes to race, religion, gender and sex it feels like the '50's.
The Next Financial Crisis -- Not If, But When. This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
White House Puts In $500 Million More To Help Poor Countries Fight Climate Change. The Green Climate Fund deposit comes just three days before Trump's inauguration.
Obama: Cubs World Series Win Is The Greatest Thing Since Sliced Bread. Literally.. Even though he's a White Sox fan, he noted that a Cubs championship was still a big deal.
New York's Harvey Weinstein Probe Set To Continue Despite Attorney General's Exit. “It’s not about Eric Schneiderman. It is about a much larger movement to ensure accountability, and that is beyond the power of Eric Schneiderman to impugn.”
Four More Years?. Don't expect President Trump to go down without a fight. And he may take our Constitution with him.
Orrin Hatch Just Used An X-Rated Phrase, But He Really Didn’t Mean It Like That. Also, you have a dirty mind.
Civil Rights Groups Sue Missouri, Saying It's Failing To Automatically Update Voter Records. They say the state is making eligible voters jump through unnecessary hoops.
On Facebook, Trump's Longtime Butler Calls For Obama To Be Killed. Anthony Senecal, who worked as Donald Trump's butler for 17 years before being named the in-house historian at the tycoon's
Julia Louis-Dreyfus Talks Me Too, Al Franken: 'He Was On The Right Side Of The Issues'. The "Veep" star and supporter of Christine Blasey Ford clarified for Time that her “default position is to believe victims.”
Dear President Trump: Aftermath Of Charlottesville. Dear President Trump, I write to you as the CEO of a non-governmental organization, American Jewish Committee (AJC), which
Ousted Navy Secretary Digs At Trump In Washington Post Op-Ed. Richard Spencer wrote to clarify what happened when he resigned over the case of a convicted war criminal, Navy SEAL Eddie Gallagher.
Obama: Donald Trump A Populist? LOL.. The real estate mogul has long "worked against economic opportunities for workers and ordinary people," says the president.
Backing DeVos Repeal Of Obama Rules, For-Profit Colleges Vilify Students. Today is the second day of the second round of the Betsy DeVos Department of Education's regulatory meetings to repeal and
Farm Bill Would Cut Food Stamps, Is Friendly To Farmers. The GOP bill would lower income limits for some SNAP recipients and raise them for certain agricultural subsidies.
Jurors In Bob Menendez Federal Bribery Trial Say They Are Deadlocked. The New Jersey Senate Democrat is charged with public corruption.
Dianne Feinstein Says Islamic State Stronger, Criticizes U.S. Approach. "We need to be aggressive now."
EMILY's List Makes Its First 2018 House Race Pick. The fund for Democratic women backs Katie Porter in California's 45th District.
It Is California's Current Health Care System That Is 'Woefully Incomplete'. Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in this op-ed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official
Most Donald Trump Backers Think Hillary Clinton Can't Win Legitimately. But few think resorting to violence would be acceptable, a new poll shows.
Congress Is Starting to Understand That Free Trade Agreements Don't Work. I've been fighting free trade since 2008.  For most of that time, while much of the public has been sympathetic, it's been an uphill battle with Congress.  I used to lobby on Capitol Hill, and I frequently got no better than bored politeness from Congressional offices.
Donald Trump Falsely Claims Tax Bill Means 'We Have Essentially Repealed Obamacare'. The bill does away with the health care law's individual mandate. The rest of Obamacare is untouched.
This Video Of A Boy Asking Obama If He Can Adopt A Syrian Is Everything. “Can you please go get him and bring him to our home? We’ll be waiting for you guys with flags, flowers and balloons.”
Thursday's Morning Email: Cruz Refuses To Endorse Trump At RNC. He was booed off the stage.
Kids Have Brought More Than 185 Guns To School Since The Start Of The Academic Year. On March 16, an 11-year-old child in Queens, New York, found a loaded .380-caliber handgun under his grandfather’s bed and
GOP Panics And Braces For A Big Trump Win On Super Tuesday. Donald Trump is poised to win almost all of the states voting on Super Tuesday, despite warnings from his rivals and other
67 NRA-Approved Politicians Voted For New Florida Gun Control Bill: Report. Or 68, if you include Gov. Rick Scott's signing of the legislation.
Joe Biden To Give Statement At The White House. You can watch it live here.
Parkland Students: 'We're The Mass Shooting Generation'. Five survivors of the Florida school massacre trace the month that put them at the forefront of a movement.
Mike Pence Doesn’t Understand Why Hillary Clinton Talked About Implicit Bias During First Debate. “Enough of this seeking every opportunity to demean law enforcement probably by making accusation of implicit bias every time tragedy occurs,” he said.
Chris Wallace Calls Out Ben Carson On His Most Outrageous Comments.
Moms Demand Action, Everytown Flex Grassroots Muscle To Defeat The NRA’s Dangerous Agenda. “Concealed Carry Reciprocity” has long been the dream of NRA lobbyists.
'Spirit' Of The Iran Nuclear Deal Is A Two-Way Street. President Trump has given Iranian hardliners incentive to restart and weaponize their nuclear program.
North Carolina Governor's Race Is Way Too Close To Call. Challenger Roy Cooper was beating incumbent Pat McCrory by over 4,300 votes early Wednesday.
Trump Praises Elie Wiesel After Using Neo-Nazi Image To Attack Hillary. Wiesel, who spent his life exposing the horrors of intolerance, would not be impressed.
Build a 21st Century Economy? GOP Stalls Even the Highway Bill.. Conservatives have blocked every significant plan for investing in jobs and growth since the stimulus.  They claim they have an alternative, but their program has so damaged the recovery it deserves to be called what it is: economic sabotage.
House To Vote To Increase Requirements For Foreign Visitors. It’s a response to the Paris terrorist attacks that the White House might actually approve.
Paul Ryan Accuses Obama Administration Of System That 'Perpetuates Poverty'.
Monday's Morning Email: What's Next On Trump's Agenda. After his first defeat on Capitol Hill.
How Sweden's Feminist Foreign Minister Is Dealing With The Age Of Trump And Brexit. Margot Wallstrom pushes forward on international cooperation, equality and correcting the record on refugees.
Mystery Attack Website Shakes Up California House Primary. The site calls Democrat Josh Butner a "Republican spoiler" and ties his father to the KKK without evidence.
How A Literal Shock Inspired A Former Marine To Run For Office As A Democratic Socialist. A workplace injury and its aftermath were a political wake-up call for Virginia state delegate-elect Lee Carter.
The Limits of Corporate Citizenship: Why Walgreen Shouldn't Be Allowed to Influence U.S. Politics If It Becomes Swiss. Walgreen, the largest drugstore chain in the U.S. with more than 8,700 drugstores spread across the nation, is on the verge of moving its corporate headquarters to Switzerland as part of a merger with Alliance Boots, the European drugstore chain.
Trump Says He Could Beat Oprah In A Presidential Race, But Doesn't Think She'll Run. The president, speaking to reporters during a meeting with lawmakers at the White House, said he liked Winfrey.
The Public, Race, and a Jury of Your Peers. Last year's jury decisions in racially-charged investigations were only the most recent to reveal the schism in the country's perceptions of how race intersects with justice. From the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research archives, here is a look back over more than twenty years of data on race and the jury system.
Hey, GOP, You Created The Donald Trump Monster, Now Own It.. For a party that goes on and on about personal responsibility, its leadership seems quick to point the finger elsewhere.
Bernie Sanders Meets Doc Brown, Sees The Future On Jimmy Kimmel. Sanders also shows off his impersonation skills.
Trump Repeats His Lie That He Watched A Video Of Money Landing In Iran. His own campaign admits no such video exists.
Ronna Romney McDaniel, Mitt's Niece, Is Trump's Favorite To Head RNC. The Michigan Republican Party Chair is credited with helping Trump win the state for the first time since 1988.
The #CripTheVote Movement Is Bringing Disability Rights To The 2016 Election. People with disabilities are the world’s largest minority.
Families Of Japanese-American Civil Rights Leaders Join Legal Fight Against Travel Ban. “We’ve got politicians who are building their careers on demonizing immigrant groups and foreigners ... in the name of national security."
Obama's Revenge.
Key Senate Race Deeply Divides Men And Women.
Let's Not Fall for the Terrorists' Trap (Again). Free speech, the sacred value we are so zealously defending after the tragic attacks in Paris, is all about choice, agency and reason. We must employ these values in our response to those who wish to trap us in their divisive narrative.
Michael Flynn Reportedly Plans To Hand Over Some Documents In Senate Russia Probe. He previously declined to cooperate with the investigation.
Merriam-Webster Schools The White House Over Terror List Typos. Shade thrown.
Donald Trump's Campaign Manager Opens The Door To Leaving The Campaign. Unless...
This Election Official Could Be Breaking The Law To Help Register People To Vote. He's Fine With That.. Just because something is the law doesn't mean it's morally right.
Texas Sues Biden Administration For Right To Deny Life-Saving Abortions. The White House called it "unthinkable" that Texas' attorney general "would sue to block women from receiving life-saving care in emergency rooms."
Senate Advances Judicial Nominee With History Of Restricting Voting Rights. Thomas Farr, Trump’s pick for a U.S. District Court seat, defended North Carolina’s voter suppression law and racist gerrymandering.
2 Alleged 'Boogaloo Bois' Facing Terrorism Charges In Minnesota. The two suspects are charged with conspiring to provide and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Explaining Scott Walker at Your College Reunion. Your former classmates want to know all about your current governor...
Trump Rips 'Wacky' Congresswoman For Criticizing His Phone Call To Combat Widow. And he claims Rep. Frederica Wilson "secretly" listened to a call she heard on speakerphone.
EPA Chief Still Doesn't Think Humans Are The Primary Cause Of Climate Change. Science says otherwise.
Colorado Lawmaker Claims Planned Parenthood Is 'Real Culprit' Of Shooting. A Republican lawmaker in Colorado responded to the deadly shooting in her state by blaming Planned Parenthood for provoking
Oliver North Blames School Shootings On Ritalin. The incoming NRA president, who once promoted a violent video game, also cited a "culture of violence."
Federal Judges Probe For 'Purposeful Discrimination' Behind North Carolina Voting Law. The state could play a pivotal role in the upcoming election.
With Trump And SCOTUS, Do Qualifications Even Matter?. It's a question Republican senators found extremely hard to answer.
Trump Seeks To Nail Support For Health Care Bill Before House Vote. “The Trump agenda is like a one-lane road with this big truck called ‘healthcare’ in the lead.”
Alaska GOP Leaders Endorse Challenger To US Sen. Murkowski. Sen. Lisa Murkowski has been one of the Republican party's most outspoken critics of former President Donald Trump.
Here's Why A Nonprofit Named For Anne Frank Keeps Attacking Trump. How the previously obscure Anne Frank Center became one of the most scathing critics of the new administration.
Hillary Clinton's Super PAC Has Raised More Money Than Any Super PAC Ever. Nearly all of the money has come from seven-figure donors.
North Carolina’s Democracy Ranked On Par With Cuba. The state barely counts as a real democracy anymore, says an electoral integrity report.
Trump's Tariffs Could Make These Popular Products More Expensive. The protectionist trade policy also threatens jobs in industries from Kentucky bourbon to Wisconsin cranberries.
Josh Earnest Wants The New York Times To Give Obama Credit For Transparency. He makes a tissue-thin case.
Obama Warns Against 'Aggressive Nationalism' And 'Crude Populism' In UN Speech. "We can choose to press forward with a better model of integration, or we can retreat into a world sharply divided and in conflict," he said.
Be a Passionate Voter for Justice. Unfortunately, many voters will head to the polls on November 4th and simply vote down the party line. Far too many won't spend a little time to research the various candidates' actual records beyond their party affiliation.
Rudy Giuliani Gives Speech That Avoids 9/11 Mentions. He switched it up to focus on Benghazi.
Biden, Putin To Hold Call Over Stepped Up Security Demands. President Joe Biden and Vladimir Putin will speak Thursday as the Russian leader has stepped up his demands for security guarantees in Eastern Europe.
Elizabeth Warren To Campaign With Hillary Clinton In Ohio. Warren is a potential vice presidential pick for Clinton.
Conservative National Groups Battle In The States Over Constitution Redo. Just seven more states are needed to convene meeting for new amendments.
White House Correspondent Dodges Falling Lights Like She's In 'The Matrix'. NBC News’ Kristen Welker didn't miss a beat as high winds toppled light stands during her report on the coronavirus pandemic.
Republicans Block Democrats From Mentioning The Gun Violence Sit-In In Official Business. Democratic offices are being told that the sit-in constitutes grass-roots organizing and can't be used in official business.
It's Time to Start Talking Seriously About Basic Income. What if full employment wasn't a necessity in our economy? What if it was okay to not have a full-time position? What if robots stealing our jobs could actually be a good thing, rather than something to fear?
Americans' View Of Economy Reaches New High Under Obama Presidency.
Justin Fairfax Accuser Vanessa Tyson Says Lieutenant Governor Should Resign. The Virginia lieutenant governor continues to deny both her and Meredith Watson’s allegations, which emerged during a sea of scandals engulfing Virginia lawmakers.
Hillary Clinton Wasn't The Only Democrat Whose Campaign Got Hacked In 2016. “There was no preparation and no warning,” Annette Taddeo says on "Candidate Confessional."
Mitch McConnell Says He Will Delay Loretta Lynch Confirmation Until Senate Votes On Bill With Anti-Abortion Language.
Congress Reaches Deal On Sanctions Bill For Russia, Iran, North Korea. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi expressed concern that by including North Korea, the legislation could face delays in the Senate.
In The Fight To Stop Mass Shootings, Don't Forget The Real Crime In Orlando. This was, first and foremost, an attack on the LGBT community.
Bobby Jindal Becomes 13th GOP Candidate. But Jindal's time might have passed -- if it ever even existed. He's not as fresh a face on the political scene as he once was.
Obama: 'We Don't Know' If San Bernardino Shooting Was Terrorist-Related. "So many Americans sometimes feel as if there's nothing we can do about it."
Trump Responds To Allegations In James Comey's Book, Calls Him 'Untruthful Slime Ball'. "It was my great honor to fire James Comey!" the president tweeted Friday.
How The Kochs Are Organizing Against Your Local Zoo, Transit And School Board.
Gun Rights Advocates Go Silent When Trump Wants To Frisk Black People. Doesn't the Second Amendment apply equally to African-Americans?
Newt Gingrich Repudiates Donald Trump's Economic Plan. Hey, everybody's tax plan is B.S., right?
EPA To Call For 30 Percent Cut To Power Plant Emissions By 2030.
Texas Republicans Hope To Give Child Care Licenses To Family Detention Centers. Mothers and children may be separated without the licenses, a private prison executive said.
These Photos Show The Strength Of Students As They Protest Gun Violence. Images from school walkouts across the country.
Readers Respond To Latest In The Trump-Russia Probe, Anthony Scaramucci's Resignation, And Health Care. See what people are saying about this week's biggest stories.
How Every American Knows What FBI Director Comey Did Was Wrong. I’ve taught and written in the area of employment law for nearly a quarter of a century. Hillary Clinton is applying for
Queen Elizabeth Declares 2019 A 'Bumpy' Year In Christmas Speech. You're telling us.
How Trump Tried To Raise Money Off Of Gaddafi And His Regime. Donald Trump tried to raise money from the regime of Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi two years before a 2011 revolution
Marco Rubio Is Nobody's VP If He Fails In Florida, Donald Trump Says. Trump is winning winning winning and Rubio is losing losing losing.
Habsburg Nostalgia: Europe's Most Embarrassing Anachronism? Paradise Saved?. While the autocratic Habsburg Empire was in no way a forerunner of the European Union, reviving its historical and cultural legacies -- unlike the expansion of extreme right wing and xenophobic parties in Austria, Hungary, and other parts of Central Europe -- is politically benign and potentially beneficial.
New Connecticut Law Will Keep People From Being Jailed Just Because They're Poor. Another state moves to reform money bail practices that have been challenged as unconstitutional.
The Campaign Of Magical Thinking. Seven days on the trail with Ken Baker and Jack Hitt.
Appeals Court: Teen Immigrant Can Get Abortion Over Trump Administration Objections. The ruling tosses out a decision by a panel of federal appeals court judges.
Democrats Ask FBI To Probe Trump-Russia Links After Their Party Was Hacked. All those cozy ties between Trump advisers and Russia could add up to something, four congressmen argue.
White House Adviser: We Will Work 'Hand-In-Hand' With Senate GOP On Impeachment. Pam Bondi shrugged off concerns that Senate Republicans are defying their oaths of impartiality by saying they'll clear Trump ahead of a potential impeachment trial.
Big Business Now The Only Thing Standing Between Trump And Climate Devastation. Which doesn't say a lot for Earth's chances.
Hillary Clinton Pays Tribute To Female Musicians In Essay For Billboard. She gives shoutouts to Lady Gaga, Missy Elliott, Demi Lovato and others.
U.S. Warns Tourists Against Mexico Travel While Feds Threaten To Send Immigrants Back. Trump's immigration crackdown could deport people to Mexican states now deemed as dangerous as Syria or Yemen.
Our Democracy Is Dying. In case anybody hasn't noticed, democracy in America is dying now. This isn't an overstatement; it's a fact. Corporate interests dominate our politics so much at this point that our government, for all intents and purposes, is merely its handmaiden. Whatever Wall Street wants, Wall Street gets. Corporatism is the new order of the day.
Wells Fargo Sued For Barring DACA Recipients From Student Loans. The lawsuit could affect many others rejected over their citizenship status.
GOP Congressman Says Elizabeth Warren Needs To Be 'Neutered'. Because she is the "Darth Vader of the financial services world."
Melania Trump Offers More Details On Her Immigration History, But Still No Proof. Her attorney says media reports about when and how she came to work in the U.S. are wrong.
President Trump: Beware Of Saudi Snake Oil That Fuels Terror. Dear President Trump, This week you are scheduled to meet with Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman.  As a 9/11
Ukraine: Why There Is Hope. Ukrainian reformers, like those at Caux, have already this year toppled a government that did not serve the country. Now comes the harder challenge of building a new government that will be the inclusive, effective, honest and just one their country needs.
Why States Are Taking A Fresh Look At Drug-Free Zones. The idea behind the “drug-free school zones” was to deter dealers from peddling drugs to children at the height of the crack cocaine epidemic.
Democrats Look For Lessons After Labour's Unexpected Success In Britain. Progressive and anti-authoritarian policies seem to have worked.
Under Trump, Obamacare Shopping Is Even More Confusing. We're Here To Help.. Health insurance customers really need to do their research this year.
The Republican Debate Was Civil, Respectful -- And Breathtakingly Extreme. A party moving backward.
Ivanka Trump: Father 'Had No Involvement' In Security Clearances For Her, Kushner. Trump said the president had nothing to do with the matter.
Critics Fear Donald Trump Is Backing Off China Trade Crackdown. Even if China is no longer manipulating its currency, reforms are still needed, they say.
Trump Finally Gets His Wall ... At An Irish Golf Course. He gets two of them, as environmentalists warn the barriers could damage protected wildlife areas.
Sunday Roundup. This week the world saw the power of a single image -- that of the lifeless body of three year-old Aylan Kurdi lying face-down in the sand on a Turkish beach. The boy drowned, along with his brother and mother, trying to reach Europe from Syria. The heartbreaking image crystallized the growing refugee crisis, and personified the more than 2,600 people who have died this year trying to reach Europe by sea. Many are coming from Syria, where civil war has killed over 250,000 and displaced 11 million. As debate raged in the media about running the horrific photo, there was no argument about whether Europe and the rest of the West could be doing more to alleviate the horrific suffering. Already David Cameron has announced the U.K. will take in more refugees. But the image was a moral challenge to us all. As a tribute in an Australian paper read: "Rest in peace Aylan Kurdi. May God forgive us for failing you."
Polling Forecast: The Senate Is Leaning Republican.
'Noise Demonstration' Held Outside Home Of U.S. Postmaster General. Protesters gathered outside the home of Louis DeJoy to demand he stop trying to dismantle the U.S. Postal Service.
Colin Powell Has A Pretty Good Suggestion For Fixing Voter ID Laws.
Obama's Policy On ISIS And Syria Set To Implode.
The Missing Costs Of War. Buckle your seat belt; you’re in for a bumpy, trillion-dollar ride into American financial hell.
Hillary Says She's Got the Nomination, But Bernie's Platform Can Beat Trump. Secretary Clinton asserts she has already won.  But even if she is correct, a big vote for Bernie in the upcoming final primaries could help her and Democrats win the general election against Trump.
Weaker Unions = Higher CEO Pay. We can only hope that the Jaumotte-Osorio Buitron research will help open more eyes -- from Wisconsin to Greece -- to the positive role labor unions can play in creating healthy economies.
The Real Reason Eric Cantor Quit Early.
Justice Department To Georgia: Stop Treating Students With Disabilities As Separate And Unequal. Georgia is unnecessarily segregating students with special needs, a lawsuit alleges.
Dallas Shootings Cast Shadow Over Obama Trip To Spain. The visit is Obama's first to Spain as president.
